The Spotted Tail is part of the Spotted Series.

It is appropriate for all ages.

I am featuring it here on Inkitt for your reading pleasure.

Paxine brushed hair out of her eyes, focusing her binoculars. She felt like a spy on a stake out.

“What are they saying?” her grandma said, sitting next to her on the park bench. Her grandma spoke in a soft voice, covering her mouth with her hand.

“Something about not spoiling Timmy. ‘You spent $300 on a coat?’ Boy, he’s really mad about it,” Paxine said, speaking into the binoculars.

“What’s she saying?”.

“She’s turned away from me, but I can tell she’s trying to defend herself. Now he’s saying ‘you have to be cautious about your spending. Our expenses are getting too high. How can you spend that much on a…’ Oh.”

“What?” her grandma said, covering her mouth with both hands as if to hold in her laughter.

“Timmy’s a dog.”

Paxine lowered her binoculars and rolling her eyes.

A huge Great Dane, wearing a lime green coat, trotted up to the couple. The couple stood on the other side of the park where her grandma was teaching her how to read lips while they pretended to bird watch.

Her grandma laughed.

“Grandma, you knew it was a dog.”

“Cover your mouth,” her grandma said behind her hand.

Paxine put her hand to her mouth.

“Sorry, keep forgetting.”

“Yes, I see them here with their dog all the time. Who else can we eavesdrop on?”

Her grandma scanned the park with her own binoculars.

The park was small, circled by two and three story older brick buildings. The trees, wide and tall, told the age of the park and the area. Their branches above provided abundant shade. In the middle of the park was a small fountain where water bubbled out of the head of a statue that looked like a winged child. Paved walks meander around the trees with benches under the biggest trees providing the most shade.

Paxine felt like she owned the park, having met her grandma here so often. She thought her grandma was the best and she loved spending time with her. Even her friends thought her grandma was cool. Who else would teach her to read lips? Not her parents, for sure.

“Such a beautiful day and no one else in the park,” her grandma said with a sigh, turning her binoculars up into the trees.

Her grandma wasn’t like any other grandma Paxine knew of. No frumpy dress or sweater. No knitting bag. There wasn’t even a single quilt in her house.

Today, her grandma was dressed in jeans and a t-shirt, just like herself, and wearing the latest high tech walking shoes. Paxine would bet that anyone watching them would think they were mother and daughter rather than grandma and granddaughter. There was just a hint of gray in her grandmother’s hair.

Paxine smiled to herself, thinking about whenever she went out with her mom. Everyone said she looked just like her. She thought about it logically, like she learned in her Logistic class at school. If she looked like her mom and her mom looked like her grandma, then she looked like her grandma. At least a younger version of her grandma. Paxine was almost twelve with brilliant blue eyes and blond hair and was the tallest girl in her class.

“Meow.”

A black and gray stripped cat strolled by them, staring at her grandma.

“Spider?” Paxine said. “Did that cat just say…”

“You don’t say.”

Her grandma swung her binoculars toward the fountain. “What the…”

She almost dropped her binoculars.

A two-foot tall metallic spider stood by the water fountain. One of its six legs dipped a pink watering can into the water before tiptoeing over to a tree and watered it.

“What’s that? It looks like a six legged stool?” Paxine said behind her binoculars.

“A rogue spider.”

Her grandma pulled out her cell phone.

“Greta? I found the Waterer. Look out the window toward the fountain.”

Greta was her grandma’s assistant. Paxine heard Greta’s name a lot, but had never met her even though she knew her grandma’s office was nearby. She had never been to her grandma’s office, always meeting her in the park.

“Yes, you tell him this can’t happen,” her grandma said in an irritated voice. “If it’s smart enough to find the fountain to water the trees it’s smart enough to stay within the boundaries of the office. Yes, you tell him that.” Her grandma hung up, shoving the phone back into a pocket.

Paxine giggled.

“Is that’s yours?”

“No wonder my begonias were so droopy. Yes, that’s mine. Keep it under your hat.” Her grandma pulled out a small box from her handbag. “Oh, no.”

Paxine picked up her binoculars.

“Police. They’re asking that couple about some robot in the park. Ah, there’s a lady with three kids in the stroller. Looks like she reported it.”

Her grandma pointed the box at the Waterer, which veered away from the fountain, where it was intending to refill the watering can, going into a bush.

“Okay, where were we,” her grandma said, hiding the box behind her binoculars.

“Dog coat.”

Paxine watched a car circle the park. It was familiar looking.

“Not that…” her grandma said as if prompting her.

“Oh, robin.”

She had to remember they were pretending to birdwatch.

“Actually, I think that was a pigeon.”

“Good afternoon ladies.” Two police officers stopped in front of them. “Whatcha seeing?”

“Robins and pigeons.” Paxine said, wondering if all policemen had to look the same. These two had identical hair and eye color. They smiled at her grandma and ignored her.

“And one nuthatch,” her grandma said.

“No robots or anything?”

Her grandma moved the box, pretending to adjust her binoculars in her lap. “I don’t think so. Are we supposed to have?” She gave the policemen a wide smile that seemed to hold their gaze. The Waterer tiptoed out of the bush toward the street.

“No remote controlled cars or airplanes?” one officer said, shifting to look about, but her grandma almost dropped her binoculars, bumping into him.

“Oops, so sorry,” her grandma said with a big smile. “No, I haven’t seen any remote airplanes.” Her grandma looked up into the trees as if to see one. Both officers copied her. The Waterer was almost to the street.

“Been here long?”

Both officers were now scanning the treetops.

“The last hour.”

Paxine noted that her grandma looked away from the Waterer while it crossed the street.

“Oh, look, another robin,” Paxine said, pointing to help with the ruse.

“Okay,” the one officer said, his gaze following a robin fly up into a tree, “Thanks, if you do....”

“Officer. Officer,” the woman with the stroller said, hurrying over. Her tennis shoes slapped the pavement with every step. Her dark blue sweatpants hugged her tight, making Paxine think of a duck waddling along. A clean diaper hung over one shoulder and a pacifier hung on a finger like a ring with a large bulbous gemstone. The woman kept looking over her shoulder at the street where the Waterer crossed.

“How old are your babies? They’re so cute,” her grandma said, almost sticking her head into the stroller.

“Oh, ah, six months. Her name is Bethesda.” The woman pointed to one fat bald baby who had her entire hand in her mouth. “And Jackie is two years.” Jackie’s mouth hung open as if she had never seen people before. “And this one I’m babysitting. Dawn is twelve months.” Dawn burped and resumed chewing on a pacifier.

“How precious.”

“You saw the robot again?” an officer said with a shift to his head as if looking around.

The woman turned to point across the street, and …

Crash.

Her grandma’s binoculars hit the ground and the lenses shattered.

“Oh, dear. Look for glass. We don’t want to have any cut the babies.”

Her grandma stooped to collect glass. Everyone followed her lead.

Paxine kept an eye on the Waterer while it tiptoed up the sidewalk, half hidden by parked cars. A woman stepped out of a doorway, grabbing the Waterer and disappearing inside. Paxine giggled into her hand. So, that was where her grandma’s office was.

“No glass in the stroller. That’s a relief,” her grandma said, resuming her seat on the bench, picking over her broken binoculars.

“I think those are ruined,” said one officer as he turned to the woman with the stroller. “So about this robot.”

“Oh, yes. Yes, over there.” The woman pointed across the street at the exact spot here the Waterer crossed. “I’ll show you.”

The two officers exchanged looks, but turned and followed her.

“I think that concludes our lesson for the day,” her grandma said, rising from the bench as the policemen reached the street. She dumped her handful of glass and the binoculars into a nearby trash bin.

“I take it that the Waterer was worth more than your binoculars.” She packed her binoculars into a case.

“Yes, well worth it. Getting excited about your new house?”.

Paxine sighed, noting the change in subject. Her grandmother wasn’t telling her everything. There always seemed to be just something missing when she did ask her grandma questions.

“A house is a house,” she said with a shrug, wondering if the Waterer was something top secret. “Moving’s never fun.”

“Your mom’s looking forward to it. She really likes the new house.”

“I don’t know why we have to move. There wasn’t anything wrong with the old place. And my new bedroom is smaller than the old one.”

“Sometimes you gotta change shoes,” her grandma said with a smile.

Paxine thought her grandma looked sad, despite the smile, but didn’t say anything about it. She already knew why. It wasn’t about the broken binoculars either. Her grandma’s cat had died.

“You looking for another one?” she said, following her grandma over to the fountain. There were a few pennies surrounding the statue. For a moment, she thought her grandma was going to toss one in, but instead, she scooped out a leaf.

“Yes, I am going to go to see some kittens today.”

For some reason, cats were important to her grandma, but Paxine didn’t know why. Deep down inside, she felt that she needed a cat too. Her friends were more interested in getting phones or hanging out at the mall checking out the cool fashions they weren’t allowed to wear yet. And she just wanted a cat. She didn’t tell anyone.

“Can I come with you?” she said, sounding hopeful.

“Maybe another time. I have a tight schedule,” her grandma said with an apologetic smile.

“Police are leaving.”

She watched the police car circle the park.

“I’m sure that lady has been labeled a kook who spends too much time with children.”

Paxine laughed, thinking it sort of applied to her grandma who spent a lot of time with her.

“I hope your Waterer left weird footprints. Stroller lady looks pretty determined to find her robot. She’s checking around the bushes and trees.”

“Your mom will be here soon,” her grandma said, looking up as if she was checking time with the sun.

“Darn. I wish I could stay longer.” She thought she saw a cat scoot out of sight under a bush. “Say, did that stray cat talk to you?” The question popped out before she realized how stupid it sounded.

“Such a beautiful day and no one else in the park. We’ll have to try the mall next.”

“BoumaBounty?” Paxine said, suggesting her favorite place and wondering why her grandma avoided the cat question. The cat meowing and her grandma seeing the Waterer was coincidental. Wasn’t it? But didn’t the cat say “spider”?

“Perhaps.” Her grandma didn’t sound too excited about. “That is a busy place with lots of people to eaves drop on.”

A car drove around the park.

“That’s not the first time that car has circled the park.”

Paxine remembered to cover her mouth with her hand.

“Which one?” Her grandma was looking up like she was checking birds in the trees.

“Blue sedan.” She wished she hadn’t packed up her binoculars.

A cat ran through the grass not far from them between two trees.

“Did you see that?” Paxine said, pointing.

“No, I didn’t see the car.”

“No, the cat.” She decided to unpacking her binoculars.

“Your mom should be here soon.” Her grandma sat back down on the same bench.

Paxine joined her, getting her binoculars ready. Excitement tingled up her spine whle she positioned her binoculars in the air, but she wasn’t looking through them.

“There it is,” Paxine said with a whisper, seeing the car out of the corner of her eyes. The car was only in her sight a moment then it circled behind them.

When the car came around to their other side, she lowered her binoculars toward the end of the park. The car drove into her view. The eyes of the man in the car seemed to meet her eyes through the binoculars.

“A man. He’s watching us,” Paxine said in a loud voice, almost dropping her binoculars.

The car squealed around, speeding off down a side street. A cat jumped from a tree at the end of the park and ran after it.

“There’s no need to shout and be so obvious. Besides, he’s probably lost.”

“And there was another cat. Did you see?”

Paxine thought her grandma wasn’t paying her any attention.

“Oh, my phone.” Her grandma looked startled. She pulled the vibrating phone from her purse. “Hello? Hi Dalia.”

Paxine wondered what was happening. Her mom didn’t call just to say she was coming, especially when she was already expected.

“Sure. That’s no problem. See you later.” Her grandma slid the phone back into her purse.

“Later? Does that mean…” Paxine said, feeling hopeful.

“I guess you are coming with me to see kittens.” Her grandma didn’t sounding too happy about it.

“Really?” Paxine said in a high-pitched voice She bounced on her toes.

“Your mom’s committee meeting is running late.”Her grandma rose.

“I love kittens. Can I get one?” Paxine crossed her fingers and hoped.

Her grandma laughed, walking over to an empty cement slab off to one side of the park. She tossed out her cube. It expanded from a few inches in size to large enough to hold both of them.

“There are a few rules you have to follow in order to go with me.”

Her grandma put her hand on the cube to shut the door.

Paxine loved cubes. They took you anywhere in a blink of an eye.

“What rules?”

“Here we are. The kitten room,” the breeder said.

The room was bright and sunny. Each wall sported a different color with paw-prints stenciled up and down the walls.

“Here’s a stool.”

The woman pointed out one of the short stools that littered the room amidst the toys. She was dressed in jeans and a t-shirt. Her feet were bare.

“Thank you.” Her grandma shut the door in her face.

“Oh, she can come in,” the breeder said.

Paxine didn’t understand her grandma’s first rule. She wasn’t to go into the room with the kittens. At least the door was a screen door which allowed her to see into the room.

Her grandma chose a bright yellow stool, ignoring the breeder. Her handbag emitted two low beeps, causing six kittens to turn in unison and converge upon the bag. Paxine thought with regret that they would be leaving now. Her grandma always responded to her phone.

One kitten climbed half way up her grandma’s leg.

“Good think I wore the right clothes” Her grandma surprised her by ignoring the phone.

“Oh, he’s so cute.” Paxine wished she was in the room.

“She,” the breeder said. “That’s a girl. There are three boys and three girls.”

Two kittens tumbled over her grandma’s shoes, rolling into a tangle of legs and tails. Her grandma watched them with a serious face.

Paxine wanted to ooh and aah. How could her grandma be so serious? Why a normal person might have clapped in delight or joy; or perhaps, giggled or laughed at the kittens’ antics. Not staring seriously at them as if there was something wrong with them. What could be wrong with kittens?

Crinkle. Six sets of ears turned toward her grandma, who let go a wad of paper with a flick of her finger. It skipped across the floor. Six tails scampered in pursuit. Two kittens tripped over a ball, then chased it as it careened across the room. Another abandoned the chase, scampering back to her grandma. Her grandma’s handbag beeped twice again and the kitten pounced.

Rosettes, warm and brown outlined in black, covered the main body of the kitten. Black stripes marked the legs. Black and brown marbling covered the kitten’s shoulders and black lightning bolts splashed across its cheeks. The kitten had round eyes, small rounded ears, and a fat medium-length tail, just like…

“Is that the mom?” Paxine spied a larger cat sitting up on a cat tree, staring at her grandma and the kitten.

“Yes, that is the mother, Emma. She’s called a Queen.”

Her grandma rescued her handbag by picking up the kitten.

Emma, who seemed aloof, flinched when Paxine’s grandma handled the kitten, but seemed to disguise her concern with a stretch and a yawn.

“I can hear it purring from here.” Paxine wished all the more that she could be in the room with the kittens.

Her grandma didn’t seem pleased with the purring.

“Emma is an excellent mother,” the breeder said, moving over to pet Emma.

Her grandma didn’t even seem pleased with how the kitten looked. Paxine thought it was the most beautiful kitten she had ever seen.

Another kitten dashed by and her grandma released the first kitten, catching the second, not even raising from her stool, as if she did this all day, every day.

Her grandma’s phone beeped three times again, causing her to look annoyed, tightening her grip on the kitten.

Mew.

“Sorry little boy.” Her grandma loosened her grip.

“He has a smiley face pattern on his side.” Paxine pointed, but realized no one was looking her way.

“Hum, yes.” Her grandma showed no amusement. In fact, her grandma wasn’t really showing any emotion other than an occasional frown.

“Kittens are handled daily. That little guy is the most easy going of the group. What sort of personality are you looking for?” the breeder said.

Her grandma didn’t answer. What was her grandma looking for?

The kitten with the paper wad dashed past and her grandma again dropped, grabbed, and exchanged kittens in one fluid motion.

Growl.

“He’s not going to give up that paper wad.” Paxine laughed.

Her grandma checked his ears and the kitten mistook her action, growling and swatting at her hand. Paxine wondered why the kitten wasn’t squirming to free himself.

Whack.

The kitten’s tail smacked her grandma’s arm. She released him back onto the floor, but she smiled.

“Well?” The breeder’s voice startled her. Paxine noted some nervousness in the woman’s voice. Or was it more like a worried mother like the queen?

Her grandma let out a sigh as if disappointed in the litter of kittens.

“Emma Tea Gold is my best Queen. All her previous litters have been quite successful.” The breeder turned back to Emma, scratching her behind the ears. “Although, my stud is a Supreme Grand Champion.” There was a hint of pride in her voice.

“Hum.” Her grandma didn’t sound impressed.

The kitten with the paper wad gained the top of a stool, lashing his tail and slapping his paws at two littermates who were pursuing him.

“There is something wrong with that one’s tail.” Her grandma was watching it closely.

“Normal defensive behavior.” The breeder wrung her hands together.

“Is this the only litter you have?” Her grandma stood. Her slender body seemed to tower over the shorter round form of the breeder. Was she trying to intimidate the breeder?

“I-I am expecting more next month. A couple of weeks, actually.” The breeder looked even more nervous.

“No, I need one in training now.” Her grandma moved over to the door.

“Training? These are some of my best kittens. One of these won’t do?” The breeder stared at the kittens as if trying to figure out what was wrong with them.

Paxine couldn’t tell what was wrong with them either. Why was her grandma so fussy?

“Paxine?” her grandma said in a quiet, but forceful voice. “Can you go stand by the front door?”

Rule number two. Whatever her grandma told her to do; she was supposed to do it with no questions asked.

A cat brushed past her, going the opposite way down the hall.

“Hi to you too,” Paxine said to the cat while she obeyed her grandma.

The cat flicked its tail at her as her grandma’s voice just reached her.

“Well maybe that one might do.”

Her grandma was going to get one anyway. Which one? Certainly not the whacky tail one. Although Paxine thought he would be the most fun, maybe for her, but not her grandma. Why couldn’t she have one? She had to peek to see which one.

Her grandma’s dramatic sigh reached her when she was half way back down the hall. Negotiation time, Paxine thought. Her grandma was now going to look over that kitten as if expecting to find a fifth leg or a third ear, to reduce the price. Her grandma was good at negotiations.

“Oh, dear.” The breeder was just visible by the door. She was wringing her hands. “That one is taken.”

No negotiations after all, Paxine thought, moving to where she could see into the room. Maybe she could visit the kittens now.

“You didn’t say any of these kittens were taken. I thought I was only seeing those kittens available.” Her grandma didn’t sound very happy. She dropped the kitten she was holding. It scampered off, unconcerned about its dramatic dismount. Paxine couldn’t tell which one it was. The breeder blocked her view.

“There is another male. He is just as perfect as that one.”

One of the boys. Which boy? There were three of them.

Her grandma’s phone beeped three times again. Was that her grandma’s phone trying to crawl out of her handbag? Her grandma clutched her handbag, forcing whatever it was back down into the bag.

“I’m afraid a kitten isn’t just a kitten. Well, since you don’t have any that I really like…” Her grandma headed toward the door, causing Paxine to duck back.

“Oh, let me check to make sure.” The breeder hurried out of the room looking to be in a panic.

Paxine froze when the woman brushed past her as if she was invisible.

Her grandma sat again on her stool, looking bored. Paxine wondered if this was a ploy. The breeder was a professional who didn’t make mistakes, only made you spend more time with the kittens just in case one grabbed your heartstrings.

The kitten with the paper wad dashed past to one of the cat trees. The cat tree provided a path for the kitten to climb up and hop over onto a small dresser. On top of the dresser was a small cat-shaped box with drawers. The kitten pawed open one drawer, dropping in the paper wad. He left the drawer open, climbing down to rejoin his littermates.

The breeder brushed past Paxine, startling her again.

“Oh, goodness, I was wrong. Thank goodness. It is the other male that’s taken. The one with the bigger spots.” The breeder looked relieved. She had a handful of papers with her.

Paxine’s heart skipped a beat. Her grandma had seen her. She backed down the hall, hoping her grandma wasn’t going to be mad.

“The usual pet price?” Her grandma’s voice just reaching her.

Paxine reached the front door. She heard the breeder answer, but her voice was but a mumble. She felt some excitement that her grandma was getting a kitten. Would she get to play with it?

Paxine stiffened at the sight of a security camera aimed at the front door. Security for kittens?

“Do you have a name picked out yet?” The breeder was following her grandma down the hall toward the front door.

Her grandma wasn’t carrying a kitten. Where was it? In her handbag? Or didn’t she get one? So what happened? Price not right?

“Please, let me know when you have another litter. It is impossible to find good kittens these days. Thank you.”

Paxine pretended she had been at the door the whole time, being bored. She yawned.

“Done?” She knew her voice sounded too sweet. It was hard to fool her grandma.

“All done.” Her grandma revealed nothing in her expression and said nothing while they walked to the end of the breeder’s driveway where her grandma tossed out her cube.

Her grandma’s phone beeped three times again, and managed to crawl out of her handbag.

“Why is my phone trying to bite me,” her grandma said in a loud voice when the cube door opened, revealing an office area.

Her grandma’s office, Paxine thought.

A woman rose from behind the front desk. Paxine knew this had to be Greta. She had the largest brown eyes that Paxine had ever seen. Then Greta moved from around the desk, fluttering her hands gracefully as she tiptoed like a dancer across the room.

“Good selection?” Greta danced around the Waterer as it tiptoed toward the plants by the picture window. The window looked out at the park where they had been earlier. The pink watering can hung from one leg. “Oh, and Garon fixed the Waterer. However, he does need to talk to you.”

“I take it he is the one sic’ing my phone on me. Ouch. It bit me again.”

“Well?” Greta’s single question sounded like a dozen from the tone of her voice.

“Oh, sorry. Greta, this is Paxine. I forgot she has never been here. Long overdue,” her grandma said, making the introductions.

“Welcome Paxine. Would you like a drink while you wait?”

“Yes, please.”

“Sorry, dear. I need to take the call before this phone bites me again,” her grandma said.

Paxine giggled behind her hand, watching her grandma head for a large door that opened when she approached.

“Well?” Greta said again, raising an eyebrow.

Her grandma shrugged a shoulder but Greta smiled as if she had gotten her answer.

Paxine wondered what Greta’s real question was and what was her grandma’s answer? Whatever it was, Greta seemed happy about it, dancing around her desk, disappearing behind a wall.

Paxine wondered, while she checked out the waiting room, if she would ever break into this adult secret language. There were chairs, a sofa, and a coffee table near the windows. Paintings of trees covered the walls, which were a pale green. There were no magazines. She had the feeling few people ever used this area.

There were four security cameras, each on different walls. She could tell they were fake, to fool people. But knowing her grandma, that meant there were other cameras but they were in disguise. So where were they?

The Waterer whisked out a leg with a duster as it passed the coffee table. The duster, held just at the right level, dusted the table as the Waterer aimed toward the nearest plant.

Paxine wondered, while she watched it, if the Waterer had a camera. It tip the can. No water came out.

“I don’t think the Waterer is fixed,” Paxine said to no one while the Waterer continued to “water” the plant for the allotted time. “Maybe it’s invisible water.” She laughed.

The Waterer moved toward the next plant, crossing into a patch of sunshine. It stopped, tilting its flat top toward the light. There was a square patch of blue glass in the middle of its top.

“A solar panel. So time for recharging, huh?”

“Here you go,” Greta said, coming in. She set down a glass on the coffee table and dancing away.

“Thanks,” Paxine said, but Greta had already disappeared.

She expected the drink to be iced tea since she was with her grandma, but her first sip revealed it was soda, and her favorite kind. She decided she was going to like Greta.

“I’m afraid Garon isn’t the only one demanding your attention. There is a customer. They want you to call as soon as you can. Already transferred funds.” Greta’s soft voice drifting over into the waiting area.

Paxine chose a chair at the edge of the waiting area so she could see into her grandma’s office. She didn’t need to be closer to hear, always wondering if she had the ears of a cat since she could always hear things that most people couldn’t, like conversations in another room.

Greta stood in the middle of the doorway, blocking most of Paxine’s view into the room.

“Have I worked with this customer before?” her grandma said.

“No, but the person comes with a recommendation. You’ll want to work with her. I’ll get some tea. You sound like you need some.”

“When did customers start demanding my services rather than asking?” Her grandma’s voice contained some irritation.

Her grandma’s door closed when Greta left, but just before it closed all the way…

“Come on in, Paxine,” her grandma said.

The door clicked shut, but opened when Paxine neared it. She figured there was some mechanism of control. The door closed behind her. The silence of the office overwhelmed her.

Her grandma sat at a glass desk near the windows. Light sneaked around the pale blue shades and reflected off the desk. The middle of the room housed two sofas facing each other with a coffee table in the middle. In a far corner was a nook with a television, lounge chair, and an end table. All the furniture was a neutral tan. Pale blue pillows on the sofa matched the window shades. The tone of the office was calm, except for the huge painting of a large wild-looking spotted cat that hung opposite of her grandma’s desk. The cat lounged on a tree branch in a jungle scene.

“Do you like that?” Her grandma was referring to the painting.

“Yeah.” Paxine was surprised to feel a great sense of awe.

“Very powerful. It’s a picture of one of our ancestors.”

“A cat?”

“A wild Asian leopard cat,” her grandma said, coming over and putting a hand on her shoulder. “There is something you should know. I am the Director of The Foundation.”

“What’s The Foundation? Something secret?” She was feeling that she was hearing something important.

“You’ll be learning all about it.” Her grandma was staring at the painting.

“Like lip reading?”

“Yes, and speed-reading.”

“That’s a new one.” She made a mental note to study up on speed-reading.

“The Foundation isn’t a business you’ll find in the phone book or on the internet. And if you need to know about The Foundation, then The Foundation knows about you.”

“Wow, really secret.”

“Behind every great man is a woman,” her grandma said in a serious tone. “And behind that woman is the Foundation.”

“So something my dad isn’t going to know about.”

“He’s knows, but he calls it a wife.” Her grandma still sounded serious.

Paxine wanted to laugh, but she didn’t.

“That darn phone.” Her grandma growled.

Her cell phone was crawling across her desk toward the edge.

“Call Garon,” her grandma said to the phone.

The phone sat up, beeping as it dialed.

“So what good is an emergency when you don’t respond?” said a man’s cranky voice when the call connected.

“Garon, just what is this emergency? You could have talked with Greta?”

“She doesn’t have the phone, now does she? Or did she, and you were out all day? No, it’s almost lunch time and you were only scheduled to see kittens this morning. So? Find one?”

“You’ve been beeping me all morning. Was this just a test? Or a real emergency?” Her grandma looked annoyed.

“I gotta test it sometime.”

“Well, you could warn me.”

“What good would that do? You ignored the phone.”

“Then you talk to Greta.”

“So, you too good for me, hey? I gotta talk to the help?” He burst out laughing. “Boy, Greta’s gonna like that. She’s help now.” Garon laughed again, ending the call.

Paxine laughed, thinking he was funny, but cut short her laughter when her grandma shook her head.

“Greta’s the best assistant I’ve ever had. You just think she’s a cheerful front desk receptionist, but she is not. She manages the most difficult person in the world. Me.”

Paxine didn’t think her grandma was difficult, maybe peculiar.

“Greta is brilliant, observant, and the most dangerous woman in the office. You can’t get anything by her.”

A clink of a spoon behind them announced Greta’s presence.

“I can read minds too,” Greta said with a wink, setting down a tea tray on the desk and dancing out of the office.

Paxine laughed, thinking she really liked Greta.

“I need some tea.” Her grandma returned to her desk.

Paxine sipped her soda, checking out the sofas. Both were soft and comfortable.

“I have a report to read and then we can go to lunch,” her grandma said after a long sip of tea.

“Okay.” Paxine stared at the cat picture. She felt like the eyes were following her.

The sound of her grandma flipping fast through a folder changed her focus. She wondered if she was really reading that fast. Speed-reading. She would have to check with her teacher at school or the online library. At least that sounded easier to learn than another language.

Thanks to her grandma, she knew Spanish and Portuguese. Whenever her dad traveled somewhere new, she and her mom got to go along. Now, she loved it when they traveled to hotels where the maids spoke Spanish. She could speak back to them or listen in on their conversations.

Even though the traveling interrupted her schooling, she was still a grade ahead. She inherited her mom’s looks, but her dad’s intelligence. It wasn’t that her mom wasn’t super smart, she was, but her dad was brilliant. He was the best lawyer in the world as far as she was concerned.

“The Child Protection Act. What garbage.” Her grandma drewin a deep breath as if calming herself. “Greta.”

Paxine didn’t notice her grandma push any buttons.

“Yes?” Greta’s voice came out of her grandma’s desk phone.

“Did the customer state what they wanted?”

“Nope. They said to call them as soon as possible.”

“Get them on the phone,” her grandma said, tapping a finger on the desk.

Paxine wondered if Greta had the customer on speed dial. It seemed only a few moments before…

“Here you go,” Greta said, buzzing the call through.

“Good morning. I have your folder and I don’t know what you want done with it.”

“I thought it was obvious,” the woman on the other end said.

“I never assume. Do you want me to champion for or against?”

“Against, of course,” the woman said.

“Just making sure.”

“You will make sure this goes away?” There was now a nervous edge to the woman’s voice.

“Of course.” Her grandma’s voice sounded confident.

“Thank you.”

The call ended.

The quiet of the office settled heavily on Paxine’s ears. The door opened, sounding loud, and the Waterer tiptoed in, and over to a pot of begonias that looked a little wilted. No water poured out of the watering can.

“I don’t think the Waterer is totally fixed,” Paxine said in a quiet voice. “No water. I noticed it in the other room when it watered or tried to water those plants.”

Her grandma nodded but seemed more interested in frowning at the folder on her desk.

“Not something nice?” She wondered what could make her grandma frown like that.

“Horribly not nice. Sometimes the government introduces legislation that should never be…even thought of.”

Her grandma stood abruptly, grabbing her handbag, and cell phone. “Let’s go do lunch.”

Paxine chugged her remaining soda. The only thing better than sitting with her grandma in the park learning to read lips, was having lunch. Her grandma let her order whatever she wanted.

“We’re heading for lunch, Greta,” her grandma said when they passed Greta’s desk.

Greta raised a hand to stop her.

“Wait one moment.” Greta was speaking into the phone. Paxine saw she put the caller on hold. “THE breeder. Are you free later today?”

Her grandma returned two quick nods.

Greta returned to her phone call. “Yes, Mrs. Pondoulee is available. Two P.M.?”

Her grandma nodded again.

“Why, yes, she can make that time. Thank you. Bye.” Greta hung up the phone.

“The Waterer is still broke,” her grandma said while tapping on her phone to add the appointment. “It doesn’t get water. Unless it’s using invisible water.”

“I thought that, too,” Paxine said with a laugh.

“I’ll call Garon. Did you call him?” Greta said.

“Yes. And can you get me a new phone? One that doesn’t bite?”

“The Wood.” Paxine stared at all the plants. It was almost impossible to see the restaurant.

“One of my favorite restaurants.”

“Are those real trees? And are you sure there’s a restaurant in here?” Paxine thought she saw a pair of eyes blink at her from behind a branch.

A smiling hostess appeared between two plants. “Good afternoon. Two?”

“Yes. Can we have that corner over there?” Her grandma pointed to what looked like a wall of leaves.

“Certainly.”

The hostess lead the way between the two plants from where she had come. Beyond the plants was the restaurant.

The corner table, half hidden by a full size tree on one side, two walls, and a narrow opening surrounded by potted plants, was quiet and private.

“I see. No reading lips in here,” Paxine said.

Her grandma chuckled. “You have that right.”

Her grandma raised two fingers. Paxine figured she was informing the waiter and her suspicion was confirmed when the waiter brought a teapot and two cups.

“You’ve had soda today. If your mom gets you back all hyped on sugar, it might be awhile before she lets us visit again.”

“But I like sugar in my tea.”

“Not as much as there is in that soda. Excuse me a moment, I have a few calls to make. And I don’t want my ear bitten off.” Her grandma inserted an earpiece and dialed her cell phone.

Paxine laughed, checking out the menu.

“Gail, it’s me.” Her grandma sat staring up at the tree beside their table while she spoke.

Paxine pretended to be the caller on the other end of the phone as she hid behind the menu, mouthing the words of response, “Hi me. Ha ha.”

“How are you doing?” her grandma said.

“I’m doing well and you?” Paxine thought would be the right response.

“Good,” her grandma said.

Paxine smiled that she seemed to be following the conversation.

“I’m hearing rumors. Something about a Child Protection Act. Is this important?”

Paxine thought that anything her grandma was concerned about was important, so the response would be, “Of course, it’s important, don’t you think?”

“I think so. I need to know who knows what. Can you do some calling for me?”

Of course, the person would do some calling for her, Paxine thought.

“I’ll call the two court judges’ wives and our political representative’s wife.” Her grandma stirred her tea.

Paxine mouthed, “And I’ll take all the rest. Ha ha.”

“Thanks Gail.”

“Oh, no problem,” Paxine mouthed. “We must do lunch some time.”

“I was just thinking we needed one of those. You are down. Thanks. Bye.” Her grandma ended her call.

Paxine giggled behind the menu.

“What’s so funny in the menu?” Her grandma picked up her menu.

“Reubens are always fun.” She wasn’t going to let ler grandma know why she was really giggling.

“Ladies, are you ready to order?” A waiter slipped in between the plants.

Paxine always liked the restaurants where the waiters memorized your order and never wrote it down.

“Reuben. Dressing on the side,” Paxine said.

“Make that two,” her grandma said.

“With fries,” Paxine said, almost forgetting.

“Ditto,” her grandma said.

“Very good.” The waiter took their menus, disappearing into the shrubbery.

“So, lunch with Gail?” Paxine said.

“No, a tea party.” Her grandma resumed keying into her phone.

“Business or pleasure?” Paxine looked up into the tree near their table. There was something up there.

Her grandma smiled. “Business.” She dialed her phone again. “Patricia? This is Sara.”

Paxine didn’t have the menu to hide behind, but thought the other person would say, “Hi, Sara, so nice to hear from you.”

“Yes, Sara Pondoulee.” Her grandma leaned back in her chair annoyed.

This call wasn’t going as planned, Paxine thought.

“I’m hearing rumors, something about a Child Protection Act. What have you heard?”.

Paxine guessed the person would say, “Oh, why the same rumors you are hearing. Right?”

“What rumors?” Her grandma glared up at the tree, looking like she was counting branches.

Paxine stopped playing her game, concentrating on her grandma’s annoyance, and the long pause before her grandma talked again. This Patricia must have been making something up.

“What do you know, Patricia?” Her grandma was done with staring at the tree, tapping an impatient finger on the table and glaring at her tea. The call must have ended. Her grandma stared at the phone before putting it down.

“Who’s Patricia?”

“Apparently, not a team player.” Her grandma took a sip of tea.

A leaf drifted down from the tree.

“There’s a cat up there” Paxine looked up. However, a glance at her grandma told her she was being ignored. Her grandma was back to tapping on her phone.

“Two Reubens, dressing on the side. Anything else, ladies? Enjoy.” Their waiter dashed off without even waiting to get a reply from them.

“Two more calls to make.” However, her grandma took the time to dip a corner of her sandwich into the dressing and take a bite. “Hmmm.”

“Hmmm” Paxine had her own mouth full.

“Okay, now two more calls.” Her grandma licked her fingers.

Paxine found the Reuben was delicious. The bread was lightly toasted and was her favorite multi colored bread with chocolate looking swirls. The filling in between the bread was generous and the dressing was sweet. The sandwich melted in her mouth.

Her grandma called Judge Sampling’s wife. Paxine knew her because her mom and Mrs. Sampling liked to go shopping together and do lunch. The call didn’t get her grandma the information she seemed to be looking for. Neither did the next call to the other judge’s wife, who Paxine didn’t know.

Paxine was dipping fries into the last of her dressing when her grandma put her phone down to focus on her sandwich.

“Why didn’t you get a kitten at the last place?”

Her grandma didn’t respond. Paxine knew, since her grandma seemed busy with her sandwich, she wasn’t going to get an answer.

“Can I go with you this afternoon to see kittens?”

Her grandma nodded, swallowing her mouthful. “I haven’t heard from your mother, so I guess you’re going.”

“Can I play with them this time?”

“No, sorry. Same rules apply, and no asking why.” Her grandma took another bite as if ending the conversation.

However, Paxine couldn’t resist asking.

“Why?”

“This breeder doesn’t call me often, but she always has good kittens,”

They were standing in front of the breeder’s front door. It was exactly two P.M. Her grandma pressed the doorbell. Paxine figured the breeder was waiting for them since she answered the door only moments after the bell rang.

“Hello Mrs. Pondoulee. Come in.” The woman was overly cheerful. She wore a blue housecoat and mangled slippers. A fluffy cat toy was sticking out of one pocket.

“Thank you. I’m so glad to hear you have kittens.”

The living room housed a dozen sleeping cats. Toys littered the floor, but the house was clean. There weren’t any cameras on the walls.

“Oh, it has been a long time since you’ve been calling.” The breeder led them down a hall to a room.

This room also had a screen door that Paxine could see through. She followed her grandma’s rule and stayed outside. The breeder didn’t seem to notice or was politely keeping silent.

“I have two kittens, but only one is of quality. He had been sold, but the people backed out of the deal. The first time that has ever happened with me.” The breeder sounded offended that someone would do that to her.

Paxine took in the room. It wasn’t as colorful as the last breeder’s, but there were toys and cat trees consuming most of the floor space. Litter boxes of varying sizes lined one wall. The room smelled fresh. There weren’t any cameras in this room either or at least any that Paxine could see.

The only cats in the playroom were the two kittens. One was brown and black spotted where the black spots were rosettes on a clear honey background. The other one was half the size of the first and gray or silver or...

“She’s defective.” The breeder dismissed the kitten with a wave of her hand, causing the kitten to dash behind a box. “It’s a recessive gene that results in what we call the blue color – a steel blue or gray. She’s a little shy too and such a tiny girl.” The breeder moved a low stool over.

Her grandma accepted the stool and sat. Paxine had the feeling that she was waiting for the kittens to make the first move. The male approached first, sniffing her grandma’s fingers. Paxine thought he was the most exotic looking kitten she had ever seen. His coat even seemed covered in glitter. The kitten wasn’t interested in fingers for long and proceeding to hunt down the other kitten. He pounced on the tip of her tail, which was poking out from behind a box.

The female kitten fled but did a sharp turn around another toy and attacked him back. In moments, the male was on his back trying to repel her attack, but she was swift. He escaped, dashing off with a hiss. The female kitten sat, smoothing down her ruffled coat.

The breeder rushed over to retrieve the male, but her grandma put up a hand to stop her. Then she lowered her hand and presented it to the female.

Her grandma couldn’t be interested in that kitten was she? Paxine thought the gray kitten was boring and not very pretty when compared to the male.

The female kitten paused only a moment to look at her grandma’s hand, and then ignored it, continuing her grooming. Her grandma let her hand fall, seeming to resign to the fact that neither kitten was what she wanted. Paxine wondered why it was so hard for her grandma to find a kitten she liked.

The female kitten finished her grooming, then skirted around the room, keeping behind toys or stools. A skittish kitten wasn’t any fun, either. So why was her grandma still sitting there?

The kitten disappeared behind a cat tree and Paxine expected her grandma to rise, but she didn’t. Her grandma kept sitting there. Then the kitten reappeared, weaving around another stool before coming up behind her grandma. Her nose tapped her grandma’s hand, sliding underneath until her tail tickled her grandma’s palm. Paxine thought she saw her grandma shiver.

The kitten’s color changed at this angle. She didn’t seem as gray as before. Maybe more silver with a shimmer of tan or peach. There was a sparkle of glitter just like the male kitten. And just in the right light, there were the faint hint of spots.

“Meep.” The kitten’s voice was quiet and musical.

Her grandma looked down, locking eyes with the kitten.

“Tinder.” Her grandma’s voice sounded different. Calm. Peaceful.

The tail tickled her grandma’s palm again.

“I’ll take this one.”

“What? She…she really isn’t a quality animal. I assure you…” The breeder’s voice sounded loud and rough compared to her grandma’s now calm voice.

“Yes, I can see that. Very shy. However, I’m just looking for a cheap pet.” Her grandma kept her eyes on the kitten.

A cheap pet? That didn’t sound like her grandma. Or was her grandma using that to start her negotiation for a low price?

“I really can give you a good deal on the male. He was actually the best of the litter and is show quality.” The breeder seemed set on selling the male to her grandma.

“Yes, he is gorgeous. Way too nice for what I need at the moment.” Her grandma ran her hand down Tinder’s coat.

From where she stood, Paxine thought it looked thick and soft.

“Oh. Uhm, yes.” The breeder seemed hesitant.

Hum, thought Paxine. What do you do when the one and only powerful Mrs. Pondoulee wants a defective kitten?

“I never reveal where I purchase my kittens.” Her grandma seem to be reading the emotions crossing the breeder’s brow.

“Oh, yes. She isn’t really quality.”

“Pet price?”

“Goodness, no. Hardly. Half that. She isn’t…I mean you can’t… because of her coloring, you see.” The breeder wasn’t making any sense.

“I see. Then the price is acceptable.” Her grandma pulled out a cash card from her handbag.

The breeder scanned the card with a small device hanging from a chain around her neck, and entered the amount. A receipt printed out, and the breeder handed it over.

Her grandma opened her handbag, but instead of putting in the receipt, she knelt, putting her handbag on the floor.

“Tinder,” her grandma said, as if calling the kitten.

Tinder approached the handbag, peered inside, and then hopped in. Her grandma closed her handbag to the surprise of both Paxine and the breeder.

“Thank you.” Her grandma looked amused at the breeder’s look of confusion.

“Ready Paxine?” Her grandma joined her in the hall.

They headed toward the front door. The cats in the front room were still sleeping. They left out the front with hardly a cat flicking an ear. Her grandma tossed out the cube and they stepped in.

When the cube door opened, Greta was standing there like a sentry on watch. “Well?”

Again, her single word question felt like a tirade of questions to Paxine.

Her grandma sidestepped around Greta, heading into her office.

“How was your trip to the breeder?” Greta said, being more specific.

“In the bag.” Hher grandma sounded evasive, but Greta broke into a big smile.

“Let’s see,” Greta said.

Her grandma placed her handbag on her desk, unlatching the clasp.

“Oh.” Greta seemed surprised.

How many people put kittens in their handbag, Paxine thought?

“She’s gray.” Greta’s surprise wasn’t because of the kitten’s presence, but her color.

“Defective.” Her grandma smile big. Her eyes glowed and seemed bluer.

Paxine wondered if that was how she would feel if she got a cat? Now she wanted one more than ever.

“I see. Defective to the point of perfection. I will have the facilities made ready and call the trainer.” Greta danced over to the door.

“Her name is Tinder,” her grandma said.

“Excellent. Welcome, Tinder.” Greta danced out of the door.

“Why did you name her Tinder?” Paxine gave Tinder a quick pet . She found Tinder’s coat to be ultra-silky soft.

“That’s her name. She told me.”

“She told you? But how did she know her own name?”

“You’ll learn.” Her grandma sat at her desk.

“When?” Paxine knew she was sounding impatient.

“In time.”

“Erg.” Paxine flopped onto the sofa. She hated waiting. “Can I at least play with this kitten?”

“If she wants to play.” Her grandma placed her handbag on the floor. Tinder’s head popped up.

“Hi, Tinder.” Paxine wiggled her fingers at her.

Tinder ran, hiding under the desk.

“The desk is glass, silly. I can see you.” Paxine laughed.

Tinder dashed under the nearest sofa.

“Great, so it doesn’t look like we’re gonna play.” She rolled her eyes and leaned back onto the sofa. Kittens were supposed to be fun, and this one was anything but. She thought she would be better off playing with the Waterer.

“The trainer will come later this afternoon.” Greta appeared to set down food and water bowls, before dancing out again.

“Thank you Greta.” Her grandma was sorting through papers on her desk.

So what did one do with a kitten like this, Paxine thought.

She sat up when the kitten dashed from under one sofa to the next like a gray shadow. Her grandma rustled a paper and the kitten dashed from the sofa to the end table by the TV, around the chair and over to the food bowl.

Crunch.

Grandma’s food is always good, Paxine thought, giggling.

Whoosh. The gray shadow followed the wall to the windows and up. The curtains rippled as Tinder made her way along them until a bird flew by and she froze. Another bird flew by before Paxine realized that Tinder was already in the last window, moving without a sound.

“I guess invisible can be good,” Paxine said, thinking aloud.

“My thoughts exactly.” Her grandma’s voice startled her. She was also watching Tinder.

“She is very different from your last one.” Paxine shifted in her seat to keep Tinder in sight.

“Each one is unique.”

A flash of gray dropped from the windowsill and moved under her grandma’s desk, then she disappeared.

“Where did she go? Cats can’t really become invisible.” Paxine tried to see through the desk.

Her grandma smiled, almost laughing aloud. “She’s in my lap.”

“Oh.” She felt some disappointed that any entertainment from Tinder was over.

“I just got an email from your mom. She’ll be here in an hour or so. When the trainer comes, I want you to sit and watch. No questions and no talking.” Her grandma was staring at her screen.

“And no asking why.” Paxine leaned back into the sofa.

“Exactly. You will know why soon enough.”

Paxine didn’t know that cats needed training. Her friend Mia had a cat and the only training her cat seemed to need was litter box training, and someone told her that cats litter box trained themselves. So what training did her grandma’s kitten need? Making tea? She almost laughed aloud.

The desk phone buzzed.

“The trainer is here,” Greta said.

“Bring her in, and inform Garon, please. Thank you.”

The door opened and a slender, dark woman entered. She carried a large leather bag and wore jeans, a short-sleeved shirt, and clogs.

“This is Paxine, my granddaughter. She is observing today.” Her grandma rose from her desk while holding Tinder in her arms.

The trainer nodded, sitting on the sofa.

Her grandma sat beside the trainer, loosening her grip on Tinder. The kitten dashed off, but her grandma didn’t seem concerned. The trainer tipped over her leather bag and toys spilled out. Both her grandma and the trainer moved the toys around their feet and then ignored them.

“Training can’t be forced.” Her grandma spoke in a quiet voice, but to her and not the trainer. The trainer seemed quite content to remain silent.

A gray paw flashed out from under the sofa on which her grandma and the trainer sat, but her grandma seemed to know where the paw was, even though it was out of her sight, and picked up the toy and moved it to one side, then she waved her hand. The trainer did the same.

Paxine didn’t see what waving hands were training Tinder to do. None of them spoke any commands, and all Tinder was doing was staying under the sofa, moving along the edge as if avoiding the hand waving or maybe following the hand waving. Either way it all looked the same to her.

Buzz.

“Sorry to bother. Dalia is here and Mrs. Huntsboro.”

“Thank you. We will be right out.” Her grandma helped the trainer pack up her toys. “Thank you for being good, Paxine. Make sure you do your speed-reading homework.”

“Yes, grandma. Hi, mom,” Paxine said, exiting her grandma’s office.

Her mom was dressed in an elegant silk dress with matching shoes, but the woman that stood beside her looked like she stepped out of a magazine.

The woman seemed to know how well dressed she was since she posed as if a model on a runway, brushing an invisible hair from her face and patting her bleached blonde hair before letting her hand trace her ear and finger her earring, which matched her necklace. Her diamond cluster wedding ring glinted in the light. She wore a perfect frozen smile as if dozens of cameras were taking her picture.

“Nice talking with you Patricia,” Paxine’s mom said to the woman.

Patricia’s smile moved but a fraction as if that was enough of a response and cat walked her way into the office.

“How much did she say those shoes cost?” Greta said with amazement after the door shut.

Her mom did a short shake of her head before heading toward the cube landing. The next view was their house. Paxine followed her mom to the living room. She felt instantly bored.

“Moooom.” She drew out the work in a long drawn out moan.

“Paaaaxine.” Her mom responded by mimicking her.

Paxine flopped on the sofa in the living room. “I don’t have a Room. I can’t play my games…”

“You spent the whole day with your grandma.”

“Moooom.”

“And your birthday is coming up… Did your grandma get a new kitten?”

“Yes, she got a kitten. So if I’m good I can get a Room for my birthday?”

“No, but it would make me happier if you’re good.” Her mom laughed. “I’m sure you’ll get a whole bunch of new games and toys and clothes.”

“Yeah, but I can’t play any of the games.” She let her exasperation show through.

“Ahhh, the problems of being rich and famous,” her mom said in answer.

“Ha ha.” Paxine punched the sofa cushion. It was soft and her hand hardly felt it.

Rich and famous, my foot, she thought. The whole problem was that her dad was an international lawyer and politician. For some reason, because he was good at his job, he needed extra security. Extra security meant mechanical deactivators were everywhere throughout their house. Deactivators prevented electronic devices from working, which meant her games didn’t work. A Room, however, was a special room that allowed you to use any electronic device within its confines.

“Can I go to dad’s office?” She knew there was a permanent Room there.

Her mom didn’t hear, having already left the living room.

“Mom?”

Paxine punched the cushion again. It was weeks before her birthday.

“Mom?” She followed her mom into the kitchen. “Can I at least go to school tomorrow?”

“I thought you were ahead in your homework?”

Since she was home schooled, she usually only went to class for exams or getting new books.

“I am but I have to invite everyone to my birthday party.”

“You can send out invitations” Her mom started setting the table for dinner.

“No one sends invitations out any more. You ask them in person and get a response right then and there.” Paxine thought her mother out of anyone would know the current etiquette of parties.

“So how many are you asking?”

“The whole class and we’re going to do a whole day of virtual reality games.” Paxine said, feeling cantankerous.

“Uha. And how many is that?” Her mom could tell she was just being ornery.

“Alice, Paulie, Marcus, and Mia. The usual,” Paxine said.

“For a minute there I thought I needed a layer cake for each year. Twelve layer cake just to feed them all.”

“That would be okay. Chocolate, right?” She licked her lips.

Her mom laughed. “Yes, you can go to school tomorrow.”

Beside, thought Paxine, she had some grandma homework to do.

“In fact, tomorrow is your lucky day. Your dad and I have to go out, so grandma will pick you up from school and you’ll have dinner with her.”

“Wow, a restaurant and I can order my own dinner.” Paxine pretended to be starry eyed. Dinner at a restaurant with her parents was no different from dinner at home. She had to eat what ever was in front of her, which meant she never got to order what she really wanted.

“Sorry. I hear it’s dinner at grandma’s house.”

“That’s okay, too. I love Marietta’s food.” Marietta was her grandma’s housekeeper.

Her mom laughed. “You sound like we never feed you.”

“Well, then, what’s for supper?”

“Italian sausage stew. You’ve had it before.”

“Yeah, that’s good. When’s supper?”

“An hour.”

“A whole hour. I’ll starve by then.” Paxine pretended she was already getting weak.

“Well, while you’re starving get your school stuff together so we’re not running around in the morning. Security escorts don’t like to wait.”

Her dad’s extra security meant she was escorted to school, just as her mom was escorted wherever she went. Neither of them liked being escorted, but they didn’t have a choice.

“Mom, where’s my school bag?” Paxine ran through the kitchen the next morning.

“On the counter.”

“Where’s my…?”

“In the living room.”

The security escort wasn’t looking happy. Paxine had her school bag ready to go before breakfast, but she had emptied out a couple of books to make sure her finished homework was there and somehow the books ended up everywhere but in the kitchen where she unpacked them.

“Paxine.” Now her mom wasn’t sounding happy. “You’re going to be late, and I have movers coming at any moment to start packing.”

“Almost ready. There.” Paxine zipped shut her backpack and headed toward the door.

“Get going. See you tonight.” Her mom stood there as if expecting something.

“No time for a hug mom, gesh. Later.” Paxine rolled her eyes. She was getting too old for hugs.

The escort opened a closet door, which held his cube. In private homes, closets served as cube landings. The cube dinged its departure and dinged its arrival in the school parking lot.

Paxine rushed out without a word. The first bell to get to class was ringing.

“No running in the hall.”

Paxine spun around. “Marcus.”

A short, heavy boy, with a brown crew-cut hair and dark eyes laughed at her. His glasses jiggled.

“You scared me,” she said.

“Yep. Ha. You’re late. Coming to school finally?” He fell into step with her.

“My birthday’s coming up. Can you come?”

“A girl’s birthday party?” he said, looking disgusted.

“Virtual reality games,” she said in an offhand manner.

“Count me in.” He followed her into class.

Paxine knew Marcus wasn’t the type of kid most people invited to parties. He didn’t talk much and he was always showing how smart he was when he did talk. However, he shared her love of virtual reality games and was a worthy opponent. She loved the challenge of beating him.

“Mia,” Paxine said to a girl who was a few inches shorter than her.

“Yo, Paxine.” Mia flung her long brown hair out of her eyes, cutting short her conversation with another girl who Paxine knew was Chanti.

Chanti had vivid red hair. She was the Principal’s daughter and very quiet with the habit of being embarrassed by everything and turning as red as her hair.

Mia slapped hands and tapped elbows with Paxine in greeting. “Finally, you’re coming to school.”

“Just for today.”

Chanti gave an embarrassed little wave as she sat at her desk. Paxine felt a little sorry for her, but Chanti didn’t play virtual reality games. Her mom was totally against them.

“My birthday is coming up. Can you come?” Paxine gave Chanti a half-hearted wave back.

“Of course. Saturday after next, right? Time?” Mia said.

“Eleven, of course.”

“Virtual reality?” Mia said, looking as if there could only be one answer.

“Yeah, of course.”

“Paulie coming?” Mia looked beyond Paxine.

“Paulie coming where?” A tall blonde boy jumped behind Paxine. He was the most popular boy in class, but he wasn’t stuck up about it, and he loved virtual reality games.

“My birthday. Virtual reality,” Paxine said without a flinch.

“Count me in,” he said.

There were going to be some jealous girls, Paxine thought, but she didn’t care.

“We need five to play Emersion de Resistance,” Marcus said in a mumble behind everyone.

“Alice.” Paxine motioned to a blonde girl sitting at her desk.

Mrs. Corner, her teacher, was trying to get everyone’s attention.

Alice didn’t seem to have heard Paxine and the others talking, but Paxine knew better. The best way to describe Alice was the ‘I’m always going to be good’ sort of student, but Paxine knew her weakness.

’Virtual reality,” Paxine mouthed to Alice who had turned her head just a bit.

“Excuse me, Mrs. Corner.” Alice rose from her seat and joined her. “Class is starting, Paxine.”

“Birthday. Can you come?” She ignored Alice’s attempt at being bossy.

“Yes, I can. Thank you. Usual time?” Alice was very proper.

“Yep.” Paxine spun to face Mrs. Corner.

“Paxine.” Mrs. Corner was zeroing in on the reason the last few students were ignoring her.

“Good morning, Mrs. Corner. I’ve got homework to turn in.” She pulled out a bunch of papers from her school bag. It was nice never needing a note to explain her absences. As long as the school kept receiving her homework, the school was happy with her progress.

“Glad you could make it. Take your seats everyone,” Mrs. Corner said, taking the papers.

“Who thought of a virtual reality game that requires five people. That is just plain stupid,” Alice was the last one to join the group at lunch.

“How do you always know when it’s pizza day?” Paulie said.

Paxine rolled her eyes. “It’s Friday. Every Friday is pizza day.”

“Oh, yeah.” He laughed, digging into his second piece.

Marcus sat hunched on her left. He usually ate alone, but Paxine always sat by him when she was there, and Paulie, Alice, and Mia always sat by her. Mia sat on her right. Paulie and Alice sat across from them.

Alice brought her lunch, as usual, but today she was eating pizza. Her pink and blue flowered lunch bag sat ignored by her.

“You know your mom’s going to know you ate pizza.” Paxine poked her bag.

Alice shrugged. Paulie took her lunch bag.

“See. Someone took my lunch,” Alice said. “I had to eat something.”

Everyone laughed.

Paulie opened her bag and stole her sandwich. “Your mom does make the best sandwiches.”

“It’s yours. But the pudding is mine.” She grabbed her lunch bag back. “So why five players.” Alice moved the topic back to the virtual reality game.

“The inventor had four best friends, so he geared the game to include them,” Paxine said.

“But you can’t even play the game unless there are five people. So like, even to practice, you need five people.” Alice slapped Paulie’s hand away from her pudding.

“He designed the game just for himself and friends, but someone liked it so much, they marketed it,” Marcus said. “Say, do you have enough goggles and gloves?”

“I guess he wasn’t the only one with four friends who liked to play virtual reality game,” Paxine said. “Besides, it keeps it even. Everyone gets the same amount of game time and practice. I can hardly wait.”

“But who would come to school just for pizza day?” Paulie managed to steal Alice’s pudding without her noticing.

“Paulie, I didn’t come to school for pizza day. I came to invite you guys to my birthday party. Duh. Besides, tomorrow is moving day, and my mom was going to have a house full of packers today. I think I’d rather be here.” She rolled her eyes.

“When we last moved, I found the perfect skeleton of my snapping turtle under my dresser.” Marcus was staring at his empty plate. “Do you have enough goggles and gloves?”

“Razor? So that’s what happened to him,” Mia said. “I liked him. Yeah, I have two pairs of gloves and goggles, I’ll bring them both.”

“But you’ll have to pack when you get home. That’s no fun.” Alice looked around for her pudding. “I don’t have any goggles or gloves.”

“Not going home. Going to grandma’s. Mom and dad are going out. Something with my dad’s work. I have two pairs of gloves and goggles. So if everyone brings what they got, we’re set.”

“I wish your birthday was this weekend,” Mia said.

“I know. I hate waiting.” Paxine stole Alice’s pudding away from Paulie who wasn’t looking.

“Mrs. Corner?” Paxine had fifteen minutes before class was over. Everyone was working on a project that she had finished long ago, so she had some spare time. “I’d like to know about speed-reading. Can I go to the library?”

“Do you intend to read the whole library?” Mrs. Corner said with a laugh.

“No, I just need a book on how to learn speed-reading.”

“I know just the book you want but it’s already checked out. Here’s the title.” Mrs Corner wrote on a slip of paper and handed it to her.

“Speed-Reading for the Executive,” Paxine said, reading the paper.

“I do know Mr. Piper has it. You can go down to his classroom and see if you can borrow it from him.”

Mr. Piper was the English teacher.

“Thanks, I’ll go right now.” She hoisted up her school bag.

“Don’t leave yet, Paxine.” Alice rushed up to her, looking worried. “My mom’s gonna want an invitation.”

“Geesh. Can you just make one up?” Paxine hoped Alice wasn’t going to be strict about that, making her have to get one invitation made up.

“Yeah, I can do that. But it can’t be in my hand writing. Here, just fill in your name, date and place.” Alice handed her a handmade invitation with ribbons and balloons drawn all over it.

“Nice invitation.” Paxine filled in the spots. “There.” She was glad that was all she had to do. Sometimes, Alice was a stickler for the rules, but virtual reality games tended to make her a little more flexible. “See you at the party.”

“All right class. Clean up. Time’s up,” Mrs. Corner said, clapping her hands.

“See ya later Paxine. Can’t wait till the party,” Marcus said, handing in his project.

“Yeah, I can hardly wait. It’s going to be so cool.” She hurried out to the hall.

Her footsteps echoed. She had ten minutes until the halls would fill with everyone heading home and she had a couple of halls to navigate to get to Mr. Piper’s room.

Another set of footsteps came from behind. They sounded eerie, sending a shiver up her spine. She turned a corner, but felt the urge to stop and peer around. A man stopped to look inside Mrs. Corner’s classroom door window. She didn’t recognize him. Probably someone’s dad, she thought, but she had a strong urge to be invisible. Her shoes made too much noise. She slipped them off, tiptoeing down the hall in her socks.

The man’s footsteps echoed down the hall, but then faded. He must have turned the other way.

Paxine ran down toward Mr. Piper’s classroom, slipping and sliding in her socks. She almost didn’t make the next corner, but grabbed the wall to steady herself. This was too much fun, she thought, keeping herself from laughing aloud.

Something gray streaked across the hall and disappeared. Paxine slid to a stop. That was a cat. In school? Tinder? No, Tinder was still a kitten.

Footsteps came around the corner. The man, the same man who looked into her classroom, the same man in the car, stopped startled to see her. Then he ran straight toward her. Paxine spun around and ran, sliding around the corner.

Again, something gray streaked across the hall into an empty open classroom. Paxine flung one of her shoes down the hall and ducked into the room. The man’s footsteps passed the classroom, down the hall.

Her heart beat like a drum in her chest. She strained her ears to listen for footsteps only to jump when the bells rang and the halls filled with students. What just happened? She shook her head, afraid to leave the classroom.

“Meow.”

A cat? Out in the hallway?

“Is this your shoe?” her grandma said when Paxine poked her head out the door. Tinder was just visible in her grandma’s handbag. Kids passed them without seeming to notice, focused on getting out of school.

“Yeah.” Paxine slipped on the shoe she had.

“What happened?” her grandma said, looking concerned.

“Oh, nothing. I was trying to get to Mr. Piper’s classroom to borrow a book,” Paxine said, reaching for the shoe her grandma held.

“No, what happened?” Her grandma’s voice was stern voice. She knew she had to explain.

“The man, the one in the car in the park, chased me.” Paxine found herself feeling silly. She was probably mistaken and expecting her grandma to tell her so.

“Did you see a cat?” her grandma said, handing over the shoe.

“Yeah. I keep seeing cats.” She slipped on the shoe.

“Hum. The same man as at the park.”

At first, Paxine thought her grandma had asked a question, but realized, she was just repeating a fact.

“I left class early to borrow a book. I heard him coming. I didn’t recognize him at first, only saw him from the back. He scared me.” She knew she had overreacted and again expected her grandma to say so, but her grandma didn’t. Instead, she changed the subject.

“Here’s the book I wanted you to read,” her grandma said, handing her the exact book her teacher had sent her to borrow.

“I remembered I had a copy and amazingly, I found it. So you can keep that as long as you want.” Her grandma led her out to the school’s parking lot. “Let me know if you see the man.”

“Okay.” Paxine pretended to wave goodbye to someone to cover the fact that she was looking around. The man wasn’t in sight.

Her grandma tossed out her cube, but didn’t go in, looking through her handbag. Paxine wondered what her grandma was looking for, then realized her grandma was just waiting to see if the man came into view, but he didn’t.

“Well at least you have some homework to do tonight. All set for moving tomorrow?” her grandma said, entering the cube.

“No. Mom says she has everything handled, but I know I’m not going to be able to find anything.”

“You mean everything will be put away where it should be.” Her grandma laughed.

The cube door closed.

“Ha ha. So what’s Marietta fixing for dinner?” She could feel her stomach growl.

“You’ll just have to wait and see.”

“Grandma,” Paxine said with a sigh, dropping her shoulders. “I hate waiting.”

“You’ll have to wait a little longer. I have to stop back at the office before we head to my house.”

“Hey Paxine. Seeing a lot of you lately,” Greta greeted them as soon as the cube door opened. “I have those reports on your desk,” she said to her grandma.

“Hey, it’s the lady with the stroller,” Paxine said, looking out the window at the park.

“Yeah, she’s been out there all day, looking for something.” Greta returned to her desk.

Paxine laughed. “You mean the robot, the Waterer.”

“Oh, she saw it?”

“Yeah, called the police. But you dragged it back in before the police saw it. I’m sure they labeled her a kook.”

Greta laughed.

“Greta,” her grandma didn’t sound happy. “There isn’t any food in Tinder’s bowl.”

Greta danced into her grandma’s office. “I filled it earlier today. She must be hungry.”

“But she’s so little.” Her grandma was checking her handbag to make sure Tinder was there. “Okay, Paxine, let’s go.”

“Off to grandma’s house we go,” Paxine said with a laugh.

The cube opened to delicious smells.

“Whatever we’re having is in the oven. Marietta is on loan tonight, helping another family. She’ll be back later.”

“I’ll set the table.” Paxine hoped that would get them to eat soon.

“Thank you. I have to get these shoes off.” Her grandma headed up stairs to change.

Paxine dropped her backpack on her grandma’s sofa before heading to the kitchen. The table was already set for two. There was one casserole dish in the oven, but she couldn’t tell what type of casserole.

“Well, I guess it doesn’t matter, they’re all good,” she said to herself, taking in the kitchen.

Paxine loved her grandma’s kitchen. It was open and painted lilac. Light oak cabinets lined two walls and a large island separated the kitchen from the dining room. The dining room walls were orange. Or tan. Oh, yeah, she remembered, it was melon. The dining room opened up into the living room which was painted light green. Or was it water spout? She thought paint color names were funny.

She checked the refrigerator, but there wasn’t any soda.

“All set? Great, thank you.” Her grandma was now dressed in jeans and a t-shirt. She was barefoot.

“Nope, Marietta was ahead of me.”

“What the…Tinder’s food bowl is empty. Did you empty it?” Her grandma looked concerned.

“No, why would I?”

“I filled it before I left this morning.” Her grandma seemed bothered. She opened a cabinet containing cat food. “Have you seen her? Tinder?”

“No. There’s your handbag, but she’s not in it.”

A timer dinged on the oven.

“Here, can you fill the bowl? I’ll get our dinner” Her grandma grabbing two hot pads from a drawer.

“How many scoops?”

“Fill it up. She is a growing kitten.”

Her grandma put the dish on the table, taking the lid off. “Steaming cozido.”

“Cozido?” Paxine sniffed the spicy steam.

“With rice and beans,” her grandma said.

“Smells awesome.”

“How many scoops?” her grandma said, mimicking her.

Paxine laughed, holding her plate. “Fill it up, I’m a growing girl.”

Her grandma laughed, dishing out two big helpings of casserole onto her plate, then filling her own plate.

“Mmmm.” Paxine slowly ate the hot the casserole. There was just the right spiciness to it.

Paxine ate two more small helpings. “I’m stuffed.”

“I was hoping for leftovers.” Her grandma moaned while looking at the almost empty casserole dish.

“What’s for dessert?”

“Dessert? You just ate half my casserole.” Her grandma pretended to be upset. She rose, opening a cabinet and pulling out a single can of Paxine’s favorite soda. “Will this do?”

“Thanks grandma. Perfect.”

“Just don’t tell your mom.”

The front door opened. Paxine sighed, hoping it wasn’t her mom, but who else could it be? She wondered if she could hide the soda.

Marietta stepped into the kitchen. She stood there with her head down, stiff and proper, gripping her purse in front of her. She was a medium sized Portuguese woman with dark eyes and hair.

Paxine’s grandma seemed to know many Portuguese housekeepers, most of them related to Marietta. Paxine had accompanied her grandma to the farmers market in the past and they always seemed to run into all of them. She figured it must have been market day for all the housekeepers. Her grandma always spent time talking with them, catching up on how they were doing.

“How is the judge’s family?” Her grandma only spoke Portuguese when talking with Marietta.

“Judge Schumauker wife expecting baby,” Marietta said.

“That’s number eight.” Her grandma raised her eyebrows.

Marietta nodded.

“What else?” her grandma said.

“Judge only say good things about Child Act.”

“Expected. How is your sister doing?”

“Her ankle getting better. Only one more week rest.”

“Marietta’s sister is the housekeeper at the Schumauker’s house,” her grandma said in explanation to Paxine, speaking English

Paxine knew Marietta could speak English, but she never did around anyone unless she had to. She didn’t know why her grandma switched back and forth from Portuguese and English when she could have kept speaking Portuguese. Maybe her grandma liked the practice.

Her grandma switched back to Portuguese when she addressed Marietta. “Good to hear. Help her as much as you need to and keep your ears open.”

“Yes mum.”

“That’s all for tonight. Paxine and I will clean up. Goodnight. Oh, and dinner was delicious.”

“Very good,” Paxine said in Portuguese, patting her stomach.

“Yes, mum.” Marietta let escape a little smile of appreciation while she backed out of the kitchen.

Her grandma’s smile drooped as soon as the front door closed behind Marietta.

“That Judge Schumauker is a pretty influential judge. He supports anything remotely family oriented, whether he’s read it or not.”

“So that’s not good?”

“Not this time. And his wife is too busy having babies to come to tea parties,” her grandma said.

Paxine wondered what these tea parties were about? They seemed more business than fun.

“Now where is that kitten?” Her grandma looked concerned.

In the morning, her mom was there to get her. As soon as they arrived at the new house, Paxine wished she was back at her grandma’s. The house was a mess and she was now her mom’s little helper in cleaning it up. The movers had emptied their old house and dumped everything into the new one. Literally dumped. Paxine found all her clothes, toys, and books thrown into her new room. The movers emptied each box onto the floor. Her mom was furious, but there was nothing to do but never use those movers again and clean up the mess.

“Put those dishes into that cabinet,” her mom said, directing her.

Her dad was taking time off from work, organizing all his books in his office. “I’m glad I taped shut the filing cabinets.” He came in carrying an arm full of books. “I think these belong in the kitchen.”

“And why do you think that?” Her mom sounded testy.

“They’re cookbooks with some of my favorite recipes from my favorite cook.” He put them in order in a cabinet that already had other cookbooks.

“Oh. Thanks,” her mom said, picking up a pile of kitchen towels. “Well, I found the mustard and the steak knives.”

The towels were hiding them.

“I’ll get those,” her dad said, picking up the knives.

“That drawer,” her mom said.

Her dad put them away then stashed the mustard into the frig. His phone rang.

“Yes?” Her dad listened, standing motionless for a few moments. “Okay.” He hung up. “The owner of the moving company is coming to see what happened.”

Her mom nodded, and got on her cell phone. “Mom? Can Paxine have lunch with you?”

Paxine crossed her fingers, hoping her grandma was free.

“I’ll bring her right over.” Her mom ended the call.

Yes. Paxine wanted to dance, but thought better of it.

“I don’t think you’ll complain about lunch with your grandma,” her mom said.

“Nope. No complaints. I’m ready.” She already had her backpack.

“Cube is in the upstairs closet.” Her mom headed toward the stairs.

“There’s grandma.” Paxine pointed across the street as soon as the cube door opened. They were at the park. Her grandma was carrying two box lunches. “Hi grandma.”

“I’m not late, am I?” her grandma said.

“Hi, mom,” Paxine’s mom said. “Nope, we just got here. Is that your new one?”

“This is Tinder.” Her grandma waved a hand as if Tinder was standing in front of her when Tinder was actually hiding behind her.

“She is getting prettier every day,” Paxine said. “She doesn’t look so gray out here in the sunshine.”

Tinder stood aloof, behind her grandma, but after a few minutes, let Paxine pet her.

“She is pretty. Different from the last one, but I guess they are always different.” Her mom’s offered hand was finally given a sniff by Tinder.

“As needed,” her grandma said.

Paxine didn’t understand what she meant.

“I’ll be back in an hour or so.” Her mom stepped back into her cube.

“I can hardly wait to get a cube,” Paxine said, watching her mom leave. “Do you get to use one when you’re sixteen?”

Her grandma smiled, handing her a lunch box. They settled on a bench and Tinder disappeared into some flowers.

“So I hear moving isn’t fun.” Her grandma opened her box.

“Nope. I think mom and dad are going to do some yelling at the movers, which is probably why I’m here. And I don’t think mom will be back in an hour. I did bring my speed reading book if I have to spend time at your office.” Paxine opened her box lunch and was pleased with the contents.

’That’s good. I do have a lot of work. So is the house really as bad as your mom said?”

“Worse. Image someone dumping everything you own on the floor.”

“Yeah. Your mom won’t be back in an hour and I’m glad we’re both not there. I guess we can do more training on lip reading.” Her grandma looked around.

“There isn’t anyone here at the moment,” Paxine said, sorting through the box lunch, which was from the gourmet deli down the block. “Yum. Ham with swiss on my favorite sour dough with a chocolate chunk cookie.”

“And fruit. So it’s healthy.” Her grandma laughed.

“And fresh fruit salad so it’s healthy.” She chuckled, but stopped short. There was a car circling the park.

“Bottled water.” Her grandma picked out the bottle, not sounding too excited.

“Greta must have ordered this.” Paxine turned back to her lunch.

Her grandma laughed. “As usual. Someone has to keep us healthy.”

“Such a nice park and no one uses it. Might be a short lesson today. Oh, here comes someone talking on his phone.” Paxine pulled out her binoculars.

“Yo is toy in epark a or. What?” She puzzled over his words, then she laughed. “He’s speaking Spanish.”

“Excellent, but what did he say?” Her grandma seemed to be looking in another direction.

“I am in the park right now. Yo estoy en el parquet ahora,” Paxine said, speaking perfect Spanish.

“Excellent.” However, her grandma didn’t sound like she was praising her.

“That car is circling, isn’t it?” Paxine said, noticing why her grandma was distracted. “It’s a different color than the last time.”

“Just someone looking for a parking space,” her grandma said, but Paxine didn’t believe her.

“There’s plenty of parking and that’s the second time they circled.”.

Her grandma unwrapped her sandwich. “Can you see with the binoculars?”

Paxine pointed the binoculars up, pretending there was a bird in the trees. The car came around in front at the far end of the park. She dipped the binoculars and just like the last time, found herself staring into the eyes of the man who chased her.

“Grandma, it’s him.” In her excitement, she dropped the binocular and pointed. The car turned and sped away.

“Next time don’t point,” her grandma said, hiding her face with her sandwich. “Take it easy and remember others can lip-read too.”

Paxine put her hand over her mouth. “Sorry grandma. I just got excited.”

A cat jumped down from a tree at the end of the park and ran down the street the car had disappeared.

“There’s another cat.”

Her grandma nodded

“Why do I keep seeing cats?” Paxine hoped she would finally get an answer.

“Because you need one.” Her grandma put her sandwich down. She hadn’t taken a bite.

“What?” Paxine didn’t know what her grandma meant.

“You’re in trouble.” Her grandma looked up as if watching for birds.

“What did I do now and why am I in trouble?” Paxine felt exasperated. What was her grandma meaning?

Her grandma lowered her eyes to meet hers. “The cat you saw at school that warned you of the man, it was gray, wasn’t it?”

“Yeah. I sort of thought it was Tinder, but it wasn’t a kitten.”

“Tails can project out their presence during times of danger.”

Paxine shook her head in confusion. Her grandma always referred to her cats as Tails. “Grandma. What do you mean?”

“You are in danger.” Her grandma almost sounded like some character being dramatic on TV.

“Why?” Paxine said in a meek voice. She knew her grandma wasn’t kidding around and it scared her.

“I don’t know.”

That was the first time Paxine had ever heard her grandma say those three words. She always thought her grandma knew everything.

“What do I do?” Paxine had the feeling being in the park was a bad idea.

“Eat your lunch.” Her grandma bit into her sandwich.

“Oh, act normal. Do you think they’ll be back?” She bit into her sandwich, but didn’t feel any better about being out in the open.

“Not the same person. Maybe someone different.” Her grandma spoke behind her sandwich. “Might be a good time to teach you how to be discrete.”

They ate their sandwiches in silence.

Her grandma finished her lunch, putting all her trash into the box. “You do have good instincts, but now you know if you see a cat, you need to be careful.”

“Why can’t I get a cat now? One of those kittens?”

“In time.”

“What time?” Paxine said in exasperation.

“I need to get Tinder trained,” her grandma said, changing the subject.

“Why does Tinder need training?”

“When you play a game, all the players have to agree on the rules, right?”

“Yeah.” Paxine felt some excitement that she was getting an answer.

“Well, Tinder and I are learning the rules and the trainer helps us both understand what the rules need to be.” Her grandma held a napkin to her face.

“But what does that mean?” Paxine took the hint and held the bottled water up to her lips.

“If I point at something, what do you do?”

“Look.”

“Exactly. Well, I need Tinder to realize that when I point, she needs to look, and what the reason is for looking.”

“Okay, but why?”

“Tinder is always with me. She needs to understand what she can and can’t do, especially in public.”

“Why do you take her everywhere?”

Her grandma laughed. “It’s hard to explain until you experience it yourself. You will have to wait.”

“How long?” Paxine said with a moan.

“As long as necessary. Done with lunch?” Her grandma rose.

“Just my water and my cookie. I can eat them in the office.”

The lady with the stroller, who had seen the Waterer, was crossing the street over to the park.

“I wonder if she’s still looking for her robot.”

Paxine giggled.

“Let’s not find out. And remember not to trust everyone.” Her grandma rose.

“I can’t see her as a spy,” Paxine said, gathering up her trash.

“Those are the best kind.” Her grandma led her not toward her office, but to the cleared area on the other side of the park. She tossed out her cube.

“Where we going?”

“Learning to be discrete means, not letting anyone know where you are going.”

Paxine didn’t understand, entering the cube. The lady didn’t seem to have seen them, still looking around bushes as she pushed her stroller.

The cube door opened, revealing her grandma’s office.

“Oh, we didn’t want them to know where we were going.” She felt a little frustrated that she hadn’t gotten what her grandma meant.

“Exactly. Hey Greta. Paxine will be here for a while.”

“Hi Paxine. Like lunch?” Greta was sitting at her desk.

“The best.” She patted her stomach.

“News of Patricia?” Her grandma headed into her office.

“The lady with the expensive shoes?” Paxine checked out the window to see what the lady with the stroller was doing and to see if the car returned.

“Yes, the lady with the expensive shoes. The one and only,” her grandma said.

“She is doing well. Everything seems to be under control.” Greta said.

The lady with the stroller was at the fountain, looking like she was picking money out of the water.

A large delivery van pulled up, blocking Paxine’s view of the park.

“Delivery truck. Looks like they are coming here,” Paxine said.

“Paxine, come on over here.” Greta danced over to take her arm and puled her toward her desk.

“Delivery,” Greta said into her grandma’s office, but her voice sounded too sweet.

Paxine felt as suspicious as when her parents were hiding something from her.

“I’m on the phone.” Her grandma sounded irritated.

“Crate,” Greta said, as if that explained everything, but only confused Paxine more. “This is our conference room.” She ushering Paxine in and shutting the door.

Paxine wondered how anyone could understand Greta when she only spoke a single word, but the sound of her grandma out in the waiting area told her that the word had been enough.

“Wait right here. You can draw on the white board, here are some markers.” Greta left.

Markers? Draw on the board? What was she, a kid?

Her grandma and Greta sounded excited. Why wasn’t she allowed to see the delivery? So no one knew she was there? Or so she didn’t see what was delivered?

She moved to the door, pushing it open a crack. The door didn’t open far, something was blocking it. She thought she could see part of a pink watering can. No six-legged stool was going to keep her trapped in a room. She pushed harder, but the door didn’t budge.

“I’ll make the facilities ready and call the trainer,” Greta said, her voice coming down the hall.

“Excellent,” her grandma said. The door to her grandma’s office shut.

Ding.

A cube?

“Hi Greta.”

Her mom was here?

“How’s the house business?” her grandma said.

Her mom must have made a face.

“That bad, huh,” her grandma said.

“They’re going to refund half the cost, but that doesn’t do much for all the time it’s going to take sorting through the mess. At least with boxes, you can set them aside and do later, but they dumped all the boxes. Not a box in the house, and stuff blocking doorways,” her mom said with irritation.

“I have Paxine’s birthday present,” her grandma said.

Her birthday present? Was that what was in the crate? She pushed harder against the door, but the Waterer wasn’t budging.

“Paxine is going to be twelve. She needs to have one,” her grandma said.

One what?

“That’s not going to be fun. And Doug,” her mom said.

What wasn’t fun about a birthday present and what about her dad? A Room? She was getting a Room? That wouldn’t go well with her dad or her mom.

“Just blame it all on me. It’s that simple,” her grandma said.

It had to be a Room. She could play her games for hours.

“Hard to give up a gift once it’s given,” her grandma said.

You never gave up a gift. Why would she?

“Trained?” her mom said.

“No, but well started. She is going to have to be in on some of the training,” her grandma said.

Training?

“You coming to dinner on Sunday?” her mom said.

“Of course I’ll be over for dinner on Sunday. I need to see your lovely new house. Do you think you’ll have it organized by then,” her grandma said with a laugh.

“No, but feel free to help.”

The Waterer moved, heading down the hall, allowing Paxine to open the door.

“Hi mom.” She tried not to look rushed when she came down the hall.

“What is that?” Her mom eyed the Waterer.

“Waterer. Takes care of the plants,” her grandma said in explanation.

“Is it fixed yet.” Paxine watched it head for a plant.

“We’ll see.”

The Waterer tiptoed up to the first plant and tipped its watering can. Water flowed, giving the plants a long needed drink.

“Yep. It’s fixed.” She wondered if she could ask why she got locked in the conference room.

“I thought I was going to have to water them myself,” her grandma said, pretending to exaggerate the task.

“Well, let’s go, Paxine. We’ve got lots of work to do.” Her mom stepped back into the cube.

Her grandma winked at her and waved goodbye.

Paxine thought the day would never arrive. She ran to the living room to make sure it was really happening. Today was her twelfth birthday, and her dad’s gift to her was a Room for the day. She loved electronic games, especially her virtual reality games.

Kirt, her dad’s security advisor stood in the living room tapping on a box to finish the programming that changed their dining room into a Room.

“Are ya done yet?” she said.

Kirt ignored her.

Paxine glared at him. Above her head were balloons and ribbons, and on the counter was her cake, but she could care less about them. She wanted Kirt to hurry up and finish the Room setup. He seemed to be taking his time. She thought about cursing him in Spanish since he only knew English, but she didn’t want her dad to hear. The only thing she could do was glare.

Kirt tapped the box one last time. “Finished, sir. It’s good till 6P.M,”

“Thanks,” her dad said with a nod. “All your’s Paxy.”

Paxine was glad she hadn’t curse. Her dad had been standing behind her the whole time. She rushed into the Room to setup her game.

“This is a big security risk, young lady,” her dad said, signing some papers for Kirt.

“I know Dad, but this is the best present ever, to have a Room for playing games all day.”

She slid on her virtual reality goggles, turning on the system to test everything worked. In a couple of hours, her friends from school were coming.

“Your guests are here,” her mom said, tapping on her shoulder.

“What? Already? They’re early,” she said, expecting her mom to say she was joking.

“No right on time. You’ve been in there for two hours.”

“Virtual reality. Cool,” Marcus said, nodding with approval at the room setup. He handed a box with Happy Birthday wrapping and a red bow to her mom. A bag with goggles and gloves hung from his arm.

“Whoa.” Paulie tossed his present on the table, following Marcus, who handed him gloves and goggles.

“Cool.” Mia handed over her gift, then slapped hands and tapped elbows in greeting with Paxine. She had her long brown hair braided with ribbons. She also had a bag with goggles and gloves.

“Thank you, Mrs. Cushing,” said Alice as she politely handed over her gift. The curls in her red-blonde hair bounced as if she wasn’t used to them. Then she lunged after Mia to get her goggles.

Her mom juggled the presents onto the kitchen table, catching one before it hit the floor. Paxine wasn’t concerned, shutting the door. The center of the room was clear with everything pushed against the wall.

“Mom wasn’t thrilled with her newly arranged dining room being rearranged for my party,” she said.

Paulie laughed. “My mom thinks we’re playing stupid party games like pin the tail on the donkey.”

“You got the disc, Marcus?” She opened the game box.

“One Emersion de Resistance,” he said, slipping in the disc.

“I’ve got five other games to play when the two hours are up,” she said.

For some reason only known to the creators, Emersion de Resistance could only be played for two straight hours before the game would end. Perhaps because it was an exhausting game.

“Ready. Set,” Mia said, her hands in the air.

Clap.

The view in Paxine’s goggles changed from the dining room to a cityscape. The avatars of her friends stood nearby. Marcus looked like a hulking monster. Mia was a gun-slinging cowgirl in a short skirt. Alice liked being a macho guy type with black streaked under his eyes. Paxine chose a Kung foo character.

This game was different from all her games where everyone played against each other. This game required you to cooperate and work together. You played against an unknown enemy that you identified and neutralized. No one died. Most weapons stunned or weakened the enemy. There were always allies to identify and incorporate into your strategy. This was a thinking game. Marcus was their leader.

“This way,” he said. “Let’s get undercover.”

They knew this part of the game even though it changed every time. There were weapons to get. Allies to find. Fuel and supplies to the enemy to stop.

“I thought there was a party today?”

What? Oh, her grandma’s voice coming from the kitchen.

“Watch it Paxine,” Paulie said, pushing her avatar away from a truck racing around a corner.

“In the Room,” her mom said, but that was all Paxine caught.

The game ended.

“Whoa. That was the furthest we’ve ever gotten,” Paulie said.

“I can’t believe that was only two hours. Felt like we just started,” Mia said.

“We reached the point that next time, we won’t have to waste time on weapon retrieval,” Marcus said. “We just might make it to the next level.”

“So what’s next?” Mia said.

“How about Virtual Back Ally Racing?” Paxine said, pulling out the disc.

“My fave,” Alice said in a deep voice, mimicking her macho avatar guy.

Marcus changed discs.

Paxine’s character jumped into her virtual car.

“I miss the noise of her previous parties. Now all they want to do is play in The Room. Well, they have fifteen more minutes.”

Her mom again. Did she say fifteen minutes? Time for one race. She revved her engine. The starting dude dropped his flag and she hit the accelerator.

“Cake and ice cream haven’t even been touched. Although, I think they would rather starve than quit playing,” her mom said.

Paxine tried to block out her voice while she took the first corner She was behind Paulie. He was good at this game.

“And open gifts,” her grandma said, breaking Paxine’s concentration and she skidded past a turn. She spun the car around in a full circle to get back on track.

“Oh, dear. I forgot to warn Doug,” her mom said, sounding worried.

Her dad? Why did her mom have to warn her dad? She knew her dad was upstairs on a conference call. That always annoyed her in the past, but today it didn’t. She had the Room.

“I think it’s time,” her mom said.

Paxine passed Mia, gaining on Paulie. The finish flag was coming. They were on the fast stretch. She hit her jet propulsion button.

The game ended. The dining room lights turned on.

“Awe Mom,” Paxine said with a moan.

“Time to fuel up your engines. There is cake and presents to be dealt with. Your grandma is here.”

“But I almost had him,” she said, giving Paulie a glare.

“No way. I was already in jet mode,” Paulie said, removing his goggles.

“I was on your tail,” Mia said, tossing her gloves onto a chair.

“I guess a little cake won’t hurt,” Marcus said.

“Let’s hurry,” Paxine said, thinking they could bolt down ice cream and cake and get back to the games. “Hi, grandma…”

A strange sensation filled Paxine. Caution? Hope? Pinch me because I’m dreaming? The gift bag by her grandma’s chair had a furry head sticking out of it. She dropped to her knees. Could it be? The whacky tail kitten? The kitten hopped out of the bag and his tail whacked it away. He spun around as if someone was trying to sneak up behind him. Only to spin around again at her touch. He was real. His coat was silky and it glittered. He had black rosettes with dark chocolate brown centers. His big yellow eyes met hers.

“Tache.” The kitten’s name slipped out of her lips.

“He likes to pronounce it “Tack” as in tachometer. But his name is spelled like the French word for spot. Rather appropriate,” her grandma said with a laugh.

Tache’s eyes reflected a perfect image of herself as if she was seeing through his eyes, and her mouth was hanging open.

“What do you say Paxine,” her mom said.

“Thanks, grandma.” Her reflection closed its mouth and then opened to speak. She could feel Tache quiver with excitement and that his left ear itched. She scooped him up to scratch his ear.

“So cool,” Marcus said, and everyone agreed.

Tache raised his head. “Yelp.”

“Yes, he thinks he’s cool too,” her grandma said.

A dull “Hum,” dampened the mood of the room.

“Dad. Look,” Paxine said, carrying Tache over to him.

“Yes, I see,” her dad said, but he was glaring over her head at her grandma. “You have a lot of responsibility with a pet.”

Paxine ignored his words, knowing he was wrong. Tache wasn’t a pet. Just like Tinder wasn’t a pet to her grandma. He was more than that.

“Cake?” her mom said, easing the tension.

“Yeah,” Marcus said.

“Fireless candles? No real ones?” Paxine said, taking a good look at her birthday cake that she had ignored all morning.

“Fire hazard,” her mom said, ready with a knife to cut the cake as soon as she blew them out.

Paxine felt silly. One blow and the candles were out, like they were designed to do.

“You got your wish. Hooray,” her friends said, cheering..

Yes, Paxine thought, putting her hands on Tache, I did get my wish.

Her mom handed out cake and ice cream while Paxine opened her gifts. Tache sat on her lap, helping her untie ribbons and bows.

Marcus’s box contained a book on strategies for winning Emersion de Resistance. She could tell he had already read it since the pages were ruffled and a couple of corners where bent.

“Thank Marcus. Next time we’ll get to the next level.”

Mia gave her a kick boxing game.

“Cool. Thanks Mia. Here, grandma, you might like this one,” she said with a laugh.

“Already have it.”

She couldn’t tell if her grandma was kidding or not.

“My mom thinks I’m giving you a necklace,” Alice said, looking embarrassed now that Paxine’s parents and grandma were looking on.

The small box was just big enough to hold a pink Swiss Army knife.

“Wow. Thanks,” Paxine said, thinking this was the neatest gift after Tache.

“That is actually very useful,” her mom said to Alice’s relief.

“I’m glad that wasn’t a necklace,” Paulie said.

Paxine opened his box.

“It’s a crocodile tooth necklace,” he said.

“Cool. Thanks.” She slipped it on. “Wow, thanks everyone.” However, her eyes were on Tache. But, so were everyone else’s as they dangled ribbons to tease him.

Paulie wadded wrapping paper and bounced it toward Tache, who caught it. “Cool.” He made some more wads.

Tache batted at one and it flew into The Room. He ran after it.

“Let’s finish the game,” Marcus said.

Paxine thought he looked surprised when everyone obeyed him. They all rose and rand to the Room.

Paxine flipped the switch and the game roared on. She adjusted her goggles. Even though the game was blaring full blast, she found she could hear the adults in the kitchen as clear as if she was there, unlike before when she could just barely hear them.

“Do you know how hard it is to keep security? Do you know how much harder it is going to be with a cat tripping alarms?” her dad said, not sounding happy.

Paxine was glad a gift given was not a gift returned.

“I understand,” her grandma said, “However, I believe Tache will not be that sort of a problem.”

“Just what sort of a problem will he be?” her dad said.

“He won’t be a security risk. I can assure you. He will be very good company for Paxine, and a good learning experience,” her grandma said in explanation.

“The last thing we need to be bothered with is a cat,” her dad said, storming out of the room.

“Ugh,” her mom said.

“Good thing you didn’t warn him, he would have had more time to stew about it,” her grandma said.

“He’ll be a grouch for a while. I’m sure he’s already on the phone with Kirt,” her mom said.

“May I have Paxine for a couple of days? She’ll need some training about her new responsibility,” her grandma said.

“Of course. Just don’t spoil her,” her mom said.

“I never spoil my granddaughter.”

Paxine was confused with the silence that ensued until she heard both her grandma and mom laugh. Some joke between them.

“Perhaps you best take her tomorrow. The less he sees of the cat the better,” her mom said.

“You stole the words right out of my mouth. I need to teach her how to care for Tache. If she wishes to keep him, she’ll have to take care of him. There is no other option.” Her grandma sounded very serious.

“Sounds a little militaristic,” her mom said, probably thinking her grandma was being too serious too.

“Tache is not a pet,” her grandma said as if that explained everything.

“She is still a child,” her mom said, countering back.

“The best time to teach,” her grandma said as if that was the end of the discussion.

“You have all the answers, Mom,” her mom said with resignation.

“No, dear, I just know how to answer questions. I know that Paxine has a lot to learn and I would rather she learn early and make little mistakes than learn later and make bigger mistakes,” her grandma said.

Paxine liked being with her grandma. She looked forward to the training and wondered what sort of training she needed to take care of a cat.

“How is your new one doing?” her mom said.

Paxine knew her mom meant her grandma’s new kitten.

“Tinder?” Her grandma always referred to her cats as if they were people and expected the same of those around her.

“Yes, Tinder,” her mom said.

“Excellent. She is doing a bit of growing.”

Paxine was sure she heard her grandma pick up her handbag and set it down as if weighing it.

“And sleeping… and growing.” Her grandma didn’t sound pleased with Tinder sleeping and growing.

Tache shifted in her lap. For some time now, she had wanted a cat. She didn’t want just any cat; she wanted a cat from her grandma. Her grandma always seemed to have special cats. Now that she had Tache, she couldn’t imagine life without him.

Her racecar moved into a tricky part of the game and she had to pay more attention. There were sharp corners, curves and obstacles to avoid.

Tache shifted in her lap again. She could feel him paw at her hand, then he whacked it hard, making her lose control of her car, causing it to veer.

“No,” she said with moan, trying to correct the direction of the car, but it was too late. Her car slid around a pothole that she didn’t see coming. The car beside her hit it instead and she zoomed into the lead of the race.

“Did you see that? Did you see that?” she said with a yell of excitement.

Her friends groaned. Paxine couldn’t believe her luck that Tache hit her hand just right to have her car veer. However, she could feel his head moving as if he was following the game, but that was impossible. He wasn’t wearing virtual reality goggles.

Tache jumped from her lap to play with the paper wad Paulie had thrown into the room.

The Virtual Desert Walk game made her thirsty. She removed her goggles to find Marcus removing his.

“I’m thirsty,” he said. They both laughed. The other three removed their goggles also pretending to pant for water.

“Mom, can we have more…” Paxine said, but stopped when a roomful of adults greeted her. Her friends’ parents were waiting to take them home.

“Already?” Paxine said.

“Wow that was fast,” Paulie said.

“This was great, Paxine,” Alice said.

Mia slapped Paxine’s hand and they bumped elbows. “Awesome.”

Her mom handed out drink boxes as a parting party favor.

“Thanks, everyone. Same time next year,” Paxine said.

Everyone laughed, walking out the door, guzzling their drink. Soon the house was quiet except for the sound of slurping.

“Where’s grandma?” Paxine said, finishing her third drink box and tossing it into the trash.

“She went home long ago. You’ve been in that Room for hours. Time for dinner. And no more Room.”

“Awe Mom.”

“I think six hours is more than enough. Tomorrow grandma is picking you up for some training.” Her mom motioned toward Tache who was pretending to attack Paxine’s shoe.

“That will be fun.” She moved her shoe to tease Tache.

“Help me clean up this mess. I think there are even presents you haven’t opened.” Her mom piled unopened gifts onto the table.

Tache flew through the wrapping paper, creating a tunnel for himself. Paxine laughed, throwing a wad of paper at him. He chased after it, losing the wad under the sofa. She retrieved it along with the rest of the wrapping paper and ribbons. The ribbons she put in a box to save. She shoved the wrapping paper down the trash chute.

“Set the table, please,” her mom said, pulling out things for dinner.

“Okay.” She trailed one ribbon for Tache to chase while she set the table.

Click. The clock in the kitchen showed six.

“Darn. No more Room,” she said with a moan.

“I’ll help box up the game,” her dad said, joining them in the kitchen.

“Oh, grandma also left this. She said it was a starter package for Tache.” Her mom handed her a bag.

Inside were two metal bowls and a small bag of cat food. Paxine filled one bowl with food and the other with water. Tache ate as soon as she set the bowl down.

“That’s it?” her dad said, looking grumpy.

“Yes, that’s all in the bag.” Paxine said, holding the bag upside-down.

“What about a litter box?” He raised his eyebrows in the way he did when he wanted her to stop and think.

Her mom shrugged.

“I guess we ask the expert.” Her mom picked up her phone. “Hi, mom, quick question about a litter box---oh. Okay. Bye.” She hung up. “She says he uses the bathroom.”

“Excuse me?” her dad said, looking as if he was imagining cat puddles on the bathroom floor.

“He knows how to use the toilet,” her mom said.

Her dad looked skeptical. Her mom shrugged. Paxine wondered how Tache could use the toilet. He’ would fall through the middle if he sat.

“Put him up in your bedroom, while we eat,” her dad said.

“Dad. He’s not a toy you just put away.” She stood her ground.

“No animals at the dinner table,” he said, pointing toward the stairs.

“But he’s my birthday present,” she said with a moan, heading up the stairs. Tache followed her like a puppy.

Paxine returned to the dinner table intending to eat as fast as she could so she could go play with Tache, but half-way through dinner, she was yawning.

“I think early bed for someone,” her mom said.

“Cake for dessert?” her dad said.

“I’ve had enough cake and dinner. Can I go?” Paxine said with another yawn, letting her tiredness be a good excuse to go upstairs to play with Tache. She didn’t plan on going to bed just yet.

“Yes, you can. You did a good job cleaning up after your party. Thank you,” her mom said.

Paxine raced up stairs to find half of her dresser drawers open and Tache sitting in one.

“Find anything?” she said, closing the drawers before stretching out on her bed. Tache played with the ribbon, but after her second yawn, he curled up next to her and she fell asleep.

In a dream she heard her dad finish the last phone call of the evening. He muttered about having an early morning meeting and wanted to get to bed early. She heard the toilet in the bathroom down the hall flush when he reached the top of the stairs. He paused. She wondered if he thought it was her and was going to give her one last Happy Birthday. Then she felt she was Tache popping out of the bedroom and freezing when he saw her dad. She watched her dad stare at Tache, then Tache dashed down the hall to her room.

“The cat uses the bathroom,” he said, mumbling to himself. “The cat uses the bathroom.”

Paxine opened her eyes. Licking? Morning sunshine streamed through her window. She bolted upright. All of her dresser drawers were open and the closet door ajar. Tache was at the foot of the bed grooming his paws and smoothing his whiskers. Licking.

“Well good morning, Mr. Tache. I see you’ve been busy,” she said.

Tache eyed her but didn’t stop his grooming.

Paxine couldn’t believe it. She had her own cat. Wow. She jumped out of bed. Tache rose only to flop into her warm spot while she closed her dresser drawers.

“Don’t get too comfy there. We’re going to grandma’s for training.”

Tache ignored her while she dressed, but as soon as she headed downstairs, he rushed past her to lead the way.

“Good morning, birthday girl,” her mom said, pouring her first cup of coffee.

“That was yesterday,” she said, sitting at the table.

“Not until all the presents are unwrapped. You forgot two from your Uncle John and Aunt Eva.” Her mom set two presents in front of her.

“He always sends me old games. Aunt Eva always sends me sweaters.”

She tore away the wrapping from her Uncle John’s present.

“See.” She revealed a plastic cup with five dice inside. “And no instructions.”

“You’ll have to make up your own,” her mom said with a laugh.

Paxine tore open the package from her Aunt and there was a bright blue sweater. It was two sizes too small.

“I’ll have to tell her you’ve grown a bit,” her mom said. “It is a pretty color.”

Tache jumped up onto a chair. Paxine dropped the sweater, so she could fill his food bowl. Her mom looked impressed, but Paxine ignored her. No one needed to remind her. She knew how to take care of Tache. He was special. She would always know, just as her grandma always knew with her cats, what they wanted or needed.

“What time is grandma coming?” Paxine made a big deal of putting the cat food away.

“Soon, I suspect.” Her mom picked up the sweater to take a closer look.

Paxine spun the ribbon from her Aunt Eva’s present for Tache. He scampered after it, rolling as he caught it. The ribbon wrapped around him. A loose end caught his eye and he chased it, racing in circles.

“Good morning. I see you’re winding up Tache.” Her grandma came down the stairs from the cube closet.

“Hi…” Paxine said, laughing too hard, “…grandma.”

“Sorry mom, didn’t even hear you come. Tea?” her mom said, laughing and wiping tears from her eyes.

“No, thank you. We’ll be right off.” Her grandma pulled out a tangle of straps from her pocket. “For training, here is a harness and leash.”

Paxine unwound Tache from the ribbon, and with her grandma’s help, fit the harness.

“Be sure to check how tight it is every time you use it. You’ll want to loosen it as he grows.” Her grandma slipped fingers between the straps to show her how tight they should be.

“Okay. Let’s go, Tache,” Paxine said.

Tache bolted toward the stairs, towing her along.

“Bye Mom,” Paxine said, looking back.

Her mom looked as if she was expecting something, exchanging looks with her grandma.

Paxine rolled her eyes, racing up the stairs toward the cube with Tache. Her mom wanted a hug, but she was twelve now and too old for a hug every time she left the house.

Paxine was excited when she skipped out of the cube into her grandma’s living room.

“No skipping in the house,” her grandma said.

“Sorry.” She bounced on her tippy toes instead.

Tache tried to tow her out of the room, but she grabbed on to the sofa while her grandma shrunk her cube. Then Tache tried to catch the cube, but her grandma caught it with an expert hand.

“Cubes are cool,” Paxine said. She was hoping her grandma might mention it as a possible gift, like for Christmas, but she didn’t.

“This is so exciting. What are we training Tache to do?” She was feeling like she was floating in the clouds.

“Well, actually, we aren’t training Tache.” Her grandma led her out of the living room.

“What?” Paxine’s heart sunk.

“We’re training you.”

“Me? I thought…Mom said…”

“You need to learn about Tache.”

Tache flicked his tail to emphasize the point.

“I know all about cats,” she said with some indignation.

“But did you know that Tache is your Tail Guard or Tail?” Her grandma grabbed something from the kitchen counter when they passed through.

“Tail Guard?” Paxine knew her grandma referred to her cats as Tails, but a Guard? And why hadn’t any of the books she had read on cats ever mention Tail Guard?

“He has a job and that is to protect you,” her grandma said.

“Protect me from what?” She remembered what her grandma said in the park about her being in danger.

“That is what you will be learning,” Her grandma opened the door out to her patio.

Her grandma’s patio was sunny and equipped with chairs, a table, and umbrella.

“There is more to Tails than just feeding. He needs brushing once a week or more often if you like. I am sure he would like that.” Her grandma settled in a chair in the sun.

Even though they were still on the subject of cats and Tache, Paxine felt like her grandma had changed the subject.

“Yeah, I know that.” She rolled her eyes, wondering why no one gave her any credit. “I’ve read all the cat care books.”

“Take the harness off and take a look in here.” Her grandma handed her a small leather case. The case contained a brush, a nail clipper, and a small jar.

Her grandma pulled out her own kit. Tinder hopped up, looking at the brush with expectation. Her grandma brushed Tinder who rolled and turned so the brush reached everywhere. Tinder paused longer to get her chin and cheeks brushed, obviously her favorite part of brushing.

“Next, you want to make sure their nails are clipped,” her grandma said, changing from the brush to the clippers.

“How is he going to protect me with trimmed claws?”

“Don’t worry, even trimmed claws can do damage,” her grandma said, working through Tinder’s claws and clipping any that were too long and pointy. “Pointy claws can snag and I don’t think your mom wants claws snagging on her furniture.”

“What’s in the jar? What’s it for?” Paxine felt irked that she didn’t know what that was. Okay, maybe she didn’t know everything about cats, er Tails, but what more was there?

“Hairballs ointment. Tails get them occasionally. Just dab a little on the paw at night if Tache seems to be doing too much hacking,” her grandma said.

Paxine laughed. “Hairballs.” She thought that was a funny word.

“Okay. Your turn,” her grandma said, putting away her kit.

Paxine tapped her lap for Tache, feeling a shiver of excitement when he hopped up. His harness came off easier than putting it on him. He rolled and curled as she brushed to help her get to all the spots, almost falling off her lap. Then, she checked his claws. Her grandma leaned over, showing her where to clip.

“Don’t clip too close. It would be like nipping your fingertip and it can hurt,” her grandma said.

“Is that it?” Paxine was thinking there couldn’t be anything else she needed to learn.

“Now you need to learn to talk to Tache.”

“Talk?” Paxine imagined Tache speaking words.

“Communicate is a better word. There are hand exercises you need to learn.”

“Oh yeah, hand signals.” That was cool, she thought, remembering her grandma’s last training session with Tinder.

“These are silent commands to your Tail. Tache has already been with the trainer and has a good start, but now you need to learn and learn with him. The hand signals also carry over to other people, so if they are pointing at something, Tache can notice that and check it out. As you will learn, your Tail will understand you better than anyone else.”

Everything her grandma said made sense to her as if talking to cats was an everyday occurrence. Paxine watched while Tinder performed perfect demonstrations. Her grandma’s hand-signals look so natural that it was difficult to tell that she was signaling Tinder.

Paxine waved a hand at Tache. He twirled around toward the direction she waved.

“He did it.” She was excited he obeyed until he dashed off to chase a butterfly.

She tried another hand signal, delighted when Tache responded, but only for a moment when he took off after a leaf blowing across the patio.

“While some of that behavior isn’t good, it’s not something I want to totally discourage. Tails need to investigate and that’s what he’s doing, but he also needs to focus on the tasks at hand. He will gain focus when he grows older,” her grandma said.

Paxine practiced all the signals, surprised to find she could be patient whenever Tache was distracted. Then he plopped onto a chair in the sun.

“Now I think that signal is very obvious,” her grandma said with a laugh. “Tache is tired. I think it’s time for lunch.”

Tinder already napped on her own chair in the sun.

Her grandma led her back into the house. Paxine remembered not to skip, but felt like it. Marietta already had a lunch set out for them.

“That was an excellent start. You should practice those exercises. Next time we get together, we’ll learn the reverse. Tache is going to teach you his signals.” Her grandma handed her a sandwich and ice tea.

“His signals?” Paxine said taking the sandwich and tea.

“Yes, tail, ears, whiskers, meows. Those are all signals.”

“Cool.”

Her grandma’s phone buzzed. “I’ll be right back.” Her grandma walked away to answer the phone.

Paxine finished her sandwich, then wandered out to the patio. Tache was still sprawled in the sun. His coat glittered even more, and he looked so spectacular. She knelt to stroke his fur, and could feel the energy between them.

A breeze rustled the leaves above her. She expected to see a cat, but there was none.

Paxine ran through the hand exercises on her own, committing them to memory, even though she knew these were easy exercises. She knew these were the basics and important to build upon. Training sessions were going to be fun, she thought, knowing they were going to get tougher. At least, she hoped so.

“Still napping?” her grandma said, referring to Tache and Tinder.

“Yes, I guess they must be solar powered like the Waterer,” Paxine said with a laugh. “Will I still see cats?”

“There are cats in front of you.”

“No, I mean, where I’m in danger,” Paxine said, hoping her grandma wasn’t going to change the subject.

“Tache will always be with you,” her grandma said.

“But…”

“Paxine, you will always have a Tail. Tache will be with you all the time.” Her grandma spoke each word clearly.

“But when I go to school…”

“Tache will be there.”

Paxine felt the word “Oh,” form on her lips. “Like you take Tinder everywhere, I will take Tache everywhere. Everywhere.”

“Exactly.” Her grandma smiled.

“But my dad…”

“He doesn’t have a say in the matter. Tache will go with you everywhere, and your mother knows this.”

“Wow. My Tail Guard.”

“Forever,” her grandma said.

Paxine felt overwhelmed with Tache, but knew her father wasn’t too keen with him. Back at home, she thought everything was going smoothly, until...

“Paxine.” Her dad’s voice carried through the house.

Paxine dropped the book she was reading, noting her dad’s tone of voice and how he called her “Paxine” instead of “Paxy.”

What was Tache doing now?

Her dad stood in the living room with his hands on his hips. Tache sat on a small shelf halfway up the wall. Next to him, dangerously close to his twitching tail, was a blue glass vase.

“Tache.” Paxine tapped a chair. He leapt to the floor.

“Well?” her dad said as if expecting more.

“He was just investigating,” she said, knowing telling her dad that was Tache’s job wasn’t a good idea.

“Teach him to stay off the shelf. Keep him out of my office.” Her dad stormed off into his study. She could hear him slamming shut drawers.

“Tache, why do you always have to open drawers? You know there isn’t anything in there you need to check out.”

Tache’s tail smacked the floor, looking like he was planning more trouble.

“If you would just close them, dad would never know,” she said, but Tache seemed to have lost interest in their discussion and was eyeing the vase again. “Please stay away from the vase.”

He yawned.

“Mom,” she said with a moan when her mom entered the living room.

“Paxine,” her mom said, mimicking her.

Paxine rolled her eyes.

“What did your grandma say,” her mom said, “about Tache not behaving?”

“She said he’s not misbehaving. Can I go to grandma’s?”

“You’ve been over there almost every day this week. So opening drawers is not misbehaving?”

“No. Grandma said that dad is the one with the problem, not Tache. Tache is supposed to investigate things. It’s his job,” she said with a groan, thinking that everything Tache learned he was supposed to do he did in a way that irritated her dad. She couldn’t understand how this was her dad’s problem when she was the one who got the worst of it.

“You do need to teach Tache what he can and can’t do.” Her mom headed to the kitchen.

“Mom, I am,” she said, following and flopping onto a kitchen chair.

“Then teach him to shut drawers.” Her mom stirred a pot on the stove before putting a lid on the steaming contents. “Dinner is ready. Put Tache upstairs. Your dad doesn’t like him in the kitchen.”

Paxine stormed up to her room, followed by Tache. He, of course, followed her everywhere. She shut him in her room knowing he wasn’t happy and that he was opening every single drawer in her room.

She shoveled in dinner and, as soon as she could, headed back upstairs. “I’ve got homework,” she said as an excuse.

Paxine closed all her drawers and sprawled on her bed with her books. Tache sat with his back to her, seeming to pout. His tail lashed back and forth, sometimes smacking her, other times, whipping away her pen with uncanny accuracy.

She went to bed feeling that the whole world was against her. Sleep was slow to come and when she did, she fell right into the weirdest dream.

Paxine padded across the carpet on four feet, passing underneath the dining room table.

Tap.

Her ears tilted forward to catch every vibration and magnify it to such a degree that it pushed her to a stop at the edge of the carpet. Every nerve tingled.

The tiled foyer divided the dining room from the living room, and contained the staircase to the bedrooms. She placed each foot with care and padded past the staircase to the edge of the living room.

There wasn’t a single light on in the house or in the yard, yet the living room furniture stood out, as if it was day instead of night. The sofa, in the middle of the room, guarded a paper wad beneath it. A quiver of excitement trickled down her spine. She felt overwhelmed with the desire to capture the paper wad away from the sofa.

Whack.

She flinched. Her tail, having a mind of its own, twitching against the wall. Tail? It was a brown and black spotted tail. That was odd. She didn’t remember having a tail. She must be dreaming. The only one who had a spotted tail was Tache. He liked paper wads. She was dreaming.

Her tail twitched again, interrupting her thoughts about her dream.

Tap.

A double door at the opposite end of the room led to the garden patio.

Click.

The door handle turned. She padded toward the sofa. The door opened. A man, carrying a gun and wearing black clothing, stepped in. Night vision goggles covered his face.

The idea to trip the man floated through her mind. Before she could think any more about the idea, she dashed around the sofa. The man’s foot collided with her side.

Paxine bolted upright in bed, breathing hard. Her hand flew to her ribs. The dim glow of her clock was the only light in her room. She could just make out her dresser and the walls plastered with posters of virtual reality games. With one deep breath, she relaxed. It was just a dream.

The muffled sound of the sofa sliding across the living room carpet drifted up to her.

She felt herself dash around the sofa to keep out of sight of the man. Her tail almost hit the sofa with frustration. She intended to trip the man into the end table. That would have created more of a racket.

Paxine wasn’t dreaming. Tache was keeping her apprised of what was happening in the living room. She was seeing and hearing through his eyes and ears. She slipped her legs out of bed as Tache’s eyes followed the man checking the room. Urgency flowed through her, no, through Tache. He jumped onto a chair and then onto a shelf. The vase. No, not the vase.

Paxine jumped out of bed at the same moment she felt Tache’s tail hit the vase.

Crash.

She grabbed her robe only to freeze when she heard her dad stir, getting out of bed, crossing the bedroom, then racing past her door. Her dad was carrying a gun. Paxine dashed out after him, fearing the worse. He hadn’t seen what she had.

“Paxine.” Her mom’s urgent whisper stopped her in midstride.

Paxine stood frozen. Her mom was urging her to come. Her dad was nearing the top of the stairs. The gun was rising into firing position. Panic caught in her throat. She could still see through Tache’s eyes and he was heading up the stairs.

Another blow hit his side, and her hands flew to feel her own ribs.

Thud. Something landed hard on the staircase.

Crack. Something metallic smacked against the stair railing.

Her dad fired. Boom.

A scream formed on her lips. Her heart took one long beat then Tache flew into view. She exhaled and the scream died. Her dad had fired over Tache’s head.

“To the cube,” her dad said.

Her mom waved her toward the closet on their end of the hall. The closet could just fit three people.

Paxine raced to the closet, but before she could turn to look for Tache, warm soft fur slid into her legs. She tried to bend to pick him up, but her dad pushed his way into the closet bumping her mom against her.

Slam. The door shut. Her dad put his hand on the wall and a second door slid shut. There was the dull metallic whirl of locks. The cube moved.

Paxine edged into a corner so she had the room to pick up Tache. Her ribs echoed his pain.

Her dad, breathing heavily, sighed with relief. “You okay? Paxy? Dalia?”

Paxine nodded, as did her mom. She leaned against her mom. Her dad shifted the gun to his other hand so he could put an arm around them both. The cube left the confines of the closet and expanded to give them more room, however they continued to lean into each other. The closeness was comforting.

Paxine wondered if her dad had hit any of the intruders. The last thing she saw through Tache’s eyes was another man joining up with the first at the base of the stairs.

Tache shifted in her arms to ease his aching ribs. He butted against her to show her he was okay. She smiled, reciprocating the butt. Relief floated through her. He was with her and he was safe.

The cube shifted. Her dad was staring at Tache. Paxine knew, even if her dad never told her, that he had grabbed the gun to shoot Tache. Her dad knew, at the sound of the vase shattering, that Tache was responsible. However, she was sure he was as surprised as she was to find intruders in the house.

Her dad shifted his gaze to the door. There was a quiet ding when the cube announced its arrival. He placed his hand on the door and the locks whirled, then the door slid open.

The area outside looked like a desert. It was warm, but the ground was hard baked clay with a few loose pebbles here and there instead of sand. The pebbles poked Paxine through her slippers.

Her dad put his palm against the cube door. The cube shrank, rising up into the air. He caught it with ease, slipping it into his pocket.

“It’s not a far walk,” her dad said, trying to sound encouraging.

“How did they find us?” Her mom’s voice was dry and hoarse.

Her dad seemed absorbed in his own thoughts and didn’t answer.

Her mom cleared her throat. “How did they find us?”

“I don’t know.” The tone of his voice discouraged further questions.

“I really liked that house,” her mom said to no one, frowning and tugging on her robe.

The area through which they walked was empty. There was nothing in sight. Even the sun was below the horizon and the only light was the pre-dawn glow. There was nothing but pebbles littering the ground. Paxine picked up a few. The ground was so flat and smooth; she figured the pebbles would skip across the ground like water. A tail whacked her as if Tache was warning her against that idea, so she picked out two colorful ones, and dropped the rest.

“Where are we?” she said, slipping the pebbles into her robe pocket.

“Emergency exit,” her dad said, using the same discouraging tone.

Paxine repositioned Tache in her arms and pretended they were lost in the desert. Her feet shuffled over the pebbles as if he weighed a hundred pounds and she had walked a hundred miles. Tache yawned and twitched his tail. He wasn’t playing the game.

She sighed, checking the horizon again. They were heading toward a dark blob. Her game forgotten, she moved faster, curious about what could be out here. Her dad didn’t seem concerned nor did her mom. She figured they knew what it was.

The light increased while they drew closer. The blob became…a man sitting at a desk. Paxine blinked twice. The man was wearing a dark suit. This wasn’t what she expected. It was already warm and once the sun came up it was going to be very hot, especially for someone wearing a dark suit. She wondered if the suit had air conditioning.